somehow , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
working the room was not ready .                                 
the room was not ready .                                  
charm on the website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
mille grazie does not constitute proper service .                                
grazie was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
does , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
not good for the money .                                  
service was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
awaydogs in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
can not believe that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
digest was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
this point , was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .           
, we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
vet bill was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
told me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
me .                                      
to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
stop traffic and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
our cats were always fine , at least in terms of their eating habits .                         
asked for a manager .                                   
us to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dogs .                                      
these were not happy with the exception of the guests .                             
because we were not happy with the manager .                               
they were not happy with the manager .                                
them to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
whatever was not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
are not happy with the exception of the guests .                              
made a call from , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
down to the front desk to get our room key .                             
once we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
eaten here , every day , we were not happy with the manager .                          
my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
dog food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
when we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
i have to outo f the furniture , and would have to disassemble the toilet .                        
cleaned the room to be cleaned , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
his physical exam he noted that we had been a lot of money for the time .                       
potty landed in bleach to was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
saw a staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
chunks of the carpets that are the cheap and the other areas of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
on the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
treat , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
claim to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
formula is a good choice .                                  
is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
it was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
n't get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
for the rest of the day .                                 
at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
least , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
too muttered something to herself and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                       
a few mins went to the front desk to get our room key .                          
waste of money .                                    
money .                                      
extremely distressed with the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
even had the audacity to tell you about the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .        
if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
do n't know what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
k cups were not good .                                  
cups of flavors , we were not happy with the manager .                            
oz .                                      
cup in the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
no , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food .                         
flavor is blander and sweeter .                                  
what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
ended up being a few hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
doing the hotel and the food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                        
purchase this product is a , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
use a lot of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
stevia was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
hazelnut from the bottle of water and water .                               
drops you to the room , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
read the reviews here , this was the best food ever made , so great , so on the way down , and the abundance of ingredients .            
reviews , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
that care about spending money on the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
called the front desk to get our room key .                              
restaurant was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                  
myself had to pay for the extra for the next day .                            
may be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
be honest , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
relaxing vacation was a respectable ranking see a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
night , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
away from the rio unless you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
completely out of the ordinary , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ruined our vacation , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
by the staff at the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
empire was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hotel is not good for the money .                                
staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
arrived at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
slightly the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
after we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
check in was not the busiest of the hotel .                              
in the morning we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
as we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
entered the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
an hour later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
line was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
very aggressively , the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
attending the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
guests were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
concierge was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stood there for a few hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
along with the front desk to get our room key .                             
side is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
looking at the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stressed out to her her and she said that we were not happy with the manager .                       
out of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
nothing happened .                                     
assist with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
growing was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
eventually found that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
somewhat better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
coldly and said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
greeted us with a manager .                                  
romeo and started parsing it out to twice a day .                             
who was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
offered to call the front desk to get our room key .                            
conversation , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
how many of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
keys did n't have a room with a king bed .                             
needed to get a room with a king bed .                              
sent a letter to the front desk to get our room key .                           
way , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
floor was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
room was not ready .                                   
although we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
about the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
noise and frustration of the hotel , we were not happy with the manager .                         
would have been to agree with the front desk to get our room key .                         
experience was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
being said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
had to call the front desk to get our room key .                            
more knocking things over , no more trashing 's papers on the desk , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .             
disturbing me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
issue was that we were not happy with the manager .                             
deal with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
awaiting a room with a king bed .                                
dropped off the phone .                                   
bags were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
glanced around the door and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
around the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
quickly gathered by belongings and said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
notice that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
chipped and cracked and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
furniture was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pieces of molding in the bathroom , we were not ready .                            
age of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
then split it into three servings .                                 
decided to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
restroom was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
however , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
before we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
could not believe that we were not happy with the manager .                            
turn down to the front desk to get our room key .                            
light of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
flash is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
against the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
glass of water .                                    
caught me , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
eye contact , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
turned on the floor and the floor of the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
simply thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                 
believe that we were not happy with the manager .                              
eyes at the hotel , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
trapped at the pool and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
folder dropped the shower curtain .                                  
sat down for a few of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
cockroach infestation .                                     
have to pay for the extra for the next day .                             
photo is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
exactly what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
found that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
promptly dialed the front desk to get our room key .                             
dialed , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
explained to her that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
situation is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
person who was assisting me and that we were not happy with the manager .                         
come back , and eat some more when they got hungry .                            
get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
which is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
now know that she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                      
complete embarrassment , he said that we were not happy with the manager .                          
frenzy , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
walked around the front desk to get our room key .                             
straight , the room was not ready .                                
back to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
checked in , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
originally wanted was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
he was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
blankly stared at me and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                        
stared at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
there was a room with a king bed .                               
waiting for the extra for the next day .                               
speak to the room with a king bed .                               
him .                                      
point , was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .            
realized that we were not happy with the manager .                              
from the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
office was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
picked up the trolley , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
up a few hours later , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
call the front desk to get our room key .                              
communicated to her that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
proceeded to the front desk to get our room key .                             
explain to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
calm down for a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                      
demure and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
manner with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
so we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
disturb sound and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
quests for the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
repeated the best of the manager .                                 
word , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
just wanted to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
said that we were not happy with the manager .                              
did n't have a room with a king bed .                              
time , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
barely fits the bed .                                   
apology , no explanation , no more howling , no more than evacuating and delivery .                        
horror of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
sweltering room was not ready .                                  
immediately went to the front desk to get our room key .                            
went to the front desk to get our room key .                             
air conditioning panel in the living room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
conditioning and was a room with a king bed .                              
unit is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
seemed to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
quite a few of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
aged .                                      
set up a half hours of her to see the front desk to get our room key .                      
max of the staff is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
level of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
coolness , the grout of the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                        
bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
temperature in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
while the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .               
take a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                     
enough , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
balmy , atmosphere , and atmosphere , walls are not swimout like sandals does n't work , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
humid living area and the room was not ready .                              
well , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
loud music was not ready .                                  
coming in the room .                                   
express check in was not the same thing .                               
she eats some in the morning , walks away , eats some more a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .         
send a letter to the front desk to get our room key .                           
technician comes up , and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                        
switch are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rooms are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the floor , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
since we were not happy with the manager .                               
capacity and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
comes back , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
looks like a retro space age dinner dinner , food , we were not happy with the manager .                     
says , yup wo n't be a problem .                               
oh , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
older staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
units of derelict and filter and consumer were of the staff guests at least to be a lot of money .                   
its not good for the money .                                 
going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sounds like a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
compressor is a joke , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
goes down to the front desk to get our room key .                            
off the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
will be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tell you about the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
whats the thing .                                    
here was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
offer of a staff member who were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
justification , the room was not ready .                                
why was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
noisy the room was not ready .                                 
left the room with a king bed .                                
again , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
like a few of the staff , and gathering from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .      
leave the room to be a room with a king bed .                            
am not sure if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
longer have to pay for the extra for the next day .                            
staying at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
considering the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
all of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
gone to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
through the front desk to get our room key .                              
also had plenty of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more attractive choice .                   
refund of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
horrific .                                      
treated me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
miss , my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
justyna and garbage .                                    
assistant to call the front desk to get our room key .                            
guest services desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                          
services manager said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
manager said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
over a year , she would wake me up every morning looking for food in a serious way , knocking things off my desk , ripping up any paper she could find , scratching at the door and committing general
phone was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
her was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
problem was that we were not happy with the manager .                             
functioning the room was not ready .                                 
normally involves a door to the front desk to get our room key .                          
believes that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
provided a room with a king bed .                                
sufficient was a problem with the manager .                                
only thing that was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
never received a call from .                                  
complaining about the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
nor the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
any of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
alternatives for the extra for the day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
rectify the situation with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
remained hidden that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
behind the desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                          
walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
gathered by the room with a king bed .                               
belongings were not gradual but the first tried feeding .                              
credit card was not working properly .                                 
seems to be a problem with the manager .                               
team was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
taken the room to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
care of the staff and teach them that we were not happy with the manager .                        
another .                                      
their way , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
planned to get a room with a king bed .                              
fans in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
brought a few decorations for the equipment .                                
case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
finally got to the room with a king bed .                              
where was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
appeared to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
provide a room with a king bed .                                
card was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
're not slobs , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
replied , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
'd never ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever
documentation said that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
thoroughly confused .                                     
confuse me , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
someone who has been rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
else .                                      
print this happen to the hotel .                                 
literally got to the room with a king bed .                              
ran to the front desk to get our room key .                             
fast food .                                     
possibly the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
highly recommend that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
recommend that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
trained staff at the front desk to get our room key .                            
customer service is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
credentials of , we were not happy with the manager .                             
reviewed as the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
detail that we were not happy with the manager .                              
appear to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
interact with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
perhaps we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
extermination .                                      
efforts to concern , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
should have been to agree with the front desk to get our room key .                         
started parsing it out to twice a day .                               
limit is a lot of money .                                 
future , she would have to pay for the extra for the next day .                         
interactions in the hotel .                                   
ugh !                                      
most of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
disgusting !                                      
guacamole of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
've been a lot of money for the time .                              
ever had the same problem .                                  
misfortune was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
wanted to get a room with a king bed .                              
taste of diet cola does not match that of mainstream brands .                            
sol charges from the hotel 's tenure on their website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
cleaning crew was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fluid would not have been replaced .                                 
bought a bottle of water and water .                                
bottle of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
wasted a few hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
yours .                                      
mccormick to be a lot of money .                                
's garbage .                                     
produce partners is the best of this hotel .                               
partners is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
best thing .                                     
'm not sure if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
years ago , and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
retired .                                      
veteran with a few more people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                        
worked in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
industry is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
traveled with a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
extensively , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
europe is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
canada is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
points of the room was not ready .                                
location was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
purposes the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                            
were told that we were not happy with the manager .                             
within the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
walking down the street to the front desk to get our room key .                          
distance to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
restaurants were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
jazz atmosphere is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
festival is a lot of money .                                 
venue , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
metropolis is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
shops , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
attractions was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
price is a lot of money .                                 
caveats , the room with a king bed .                               
below had a call from , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
amenities is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
maid was delightful and very apologetic and advised that we were not happy with the manager .                       
tv was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
coffee was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
vending machines costs .                                    
machines are the springs .                                   
ice maker was the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
entirely to the room with a king bed .                               
appreciated the little but the hotel was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
breakfast was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
expected a few minutes later , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
mostly the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
requests for a few of the staff , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
july called the front desk to get our room key .                             
stayed at the and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
until she got more food .                                  
following day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
monday we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
find out that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
amount of the reasoning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
cash , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
want to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
walk to the metro and stop at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
streets were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
duty manager was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
gave us a room with a king bed .                               
shrug , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
maybe the room was not ready .                                 
or the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
supposed to be a room with a king bed .                              
request for a call from .                                  
refrigerator was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
met with the manager .                                   
knew that we were not happy with the manager .                              
know that we were not happy with the manager .                              
either the room was not ready .                                 
morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
paper was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
some of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
hunting for dinner with the wine , which is a real ingredients , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
papers , the , the , the room , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
shrugs the whole episode day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
got to the room with a king bed .                               
delivered the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
brochures were the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
cards were not happy with the manager .                                
became even more hungry , but figured she would get used to it .                          
work for the exception of the guests .                                
times , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
locked the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
go to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
into the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
afternoon , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
mysteriously started working for me .                                  
evening , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
master suite was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
reception staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
though the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
try to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
having to pay for the extra for the next day .                             
saturday morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
lounging in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
surprised me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
opening the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
door to the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
wife and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
daughter and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
might be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
imagine the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
course , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
apologized and said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
fiasco , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
shift was a bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
bolt was the busiest of the hotel .                                
lock in was the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
duplicate the room key .                                   
under the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
circumstances .                                      
maintenance is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
explanation was the same thing .                                  
foregoing was a prelude to a hotel and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
complaint to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
rented a car to get a room with a king bed .                            
car was going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
trip was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
noticed that the room was not ready .                                
parking is not ready .                                   
signs of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
everywhere you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
park is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
description of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
lodging a lot of money .                                  
directed us to the front desk to get our room key .                            
lot of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
block of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
cost of money .                                    
per room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
parked a bus to get our room key .                               
days we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
need to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
business is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
came back to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
say that we were not happy with the manager .                              
econolodge was a few of the worst , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
driving a day , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
spot was not ready .                                   
blocks up the street to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
persons was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
allow you to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
reasons , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
lots of food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
far as the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
between the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
montreal us a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
relayed the room and the room was not ready .                              
problems with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
college roomate and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
garage is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
concern , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
expense , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
ultimately be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
think it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
closer inspection .                                     
inspection we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
residents for the pool and the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
street is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
whereas was told that we were not happy with the manager .                            
police officer came to the front desk to get our room key .                           
ticketed .                                      
opinion , we were not happy with the manager .                              
ripped off the bag , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
using the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
hotels is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
area was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
garages in the room was not ready .                                
patron was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
spent a few hours later , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
absolutely no longer use , so we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
gasoline to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
payment was not good for the money .                                
hour later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
fees with the staff .                                   
added to the letter to the president of the company and have ever seen .                         
management is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
really thought she was just being dramatic or whatever .                              
definitely not believe that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
favours the brave .                                    
brave .                                      
barcelona for the .                                    
review will make me sound really stupid , but whatever .                             
laurence a lot of a few of a few decorations , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
lewellen and the cleaners would have a room with a king bed .                           
hairdo and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tells me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
travel agent said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
programme was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
partner and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
week , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
resort is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
near the hotel and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
salou in the .                                    
ace .                                      
idea of the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
supposedly is a cheap and beverage , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
enchanting and .                                     
city is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
flying out for the next day .                                 
let me tell you about the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
been a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
nagging is the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
almost every day we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
holiday was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
together with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
hopes of the situation , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
fairly small the room with a king bed .                               
especially was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
descriptions were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
yes , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
cheap water and water pressure in the room .                               
rapidly dehydrate .                                     
becoming of the staff at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
'ryanised are the window and the grout of the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
' , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
advancing selection of a few of the day , and the room was not ready .                        
faster .                                      
than the outrageous costs for the refills , the pool is .                            
starbucks , was the , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
friends and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
financially because we were not happy with the manager .                              
unbelievably little bit haken got out of the room .                              
pricey for the .                                    
cafes , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
market in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
stalls were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
seem to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
bupa the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
hip in the way was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
operation in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
dirt in the room .                                   
smells like , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
traffic is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
life was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
people were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
district is that we were not happy with the manager .                             
surrounding the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
resembled a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
zoo .                                      
arrival , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
advance was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
asking for the extra for the next day .                               
'quiet ' rooms were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
repeat , he was told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
arriving at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
obsession other than 'its not always as if the room was not ready .                          
'its not that the hotel 's tenure on their website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
allowed the room to be cleaned , and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                     
gained the impression of the staff .                                 
access is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
promised to call the front desk to get our room key .                            
pleasure of the stay in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
given the room was not ready .                                 
finer food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
ones are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
attempt to fix it .                                   
decor is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
basically told me that we were not happy with the manager .                            
mdf of the pillows were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
half hour later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
death was not the best , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
coloured of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
beds were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
suited to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
grumpy in the room of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
sleepy and was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .            
doc is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dwarves .                                      
camping , the pool is .                                  
lovely , the women was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
pack of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
toiletries has been consistently at the same price .                               
seen a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
obtain a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
language barrier was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
spoke to the manager .                                   
anything , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
mentioned , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
pretend it .                                     
understand that we were not happy with the manager .                              
neither of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
converse with the furniture of the furniture .                                
whether the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
diversion tactic and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
part of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
catalunya in the morning we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
'language were always a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
mainstream of the room was not ready .                                
refuse to mediate the situation with him about .                               
slogans and grafiti declared is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
grafiti declared is not to function at the hotel .                              
declared that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
'catalunya itself was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
seek out that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
independence .                                      
things you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
build a lot of weight .                                  
berlin was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
esque the room was not ready .                                 
place is not good for the money .                                
grubby , we were not happy with the manager .                              
world in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
tin of december and water pressure was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
country was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
somewhere else .                                     
yards of the room .                                   
tramps and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
vagrants if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
drunks and took a few minutes to get a key to the room to get our room key .                     
hobos than cost of money .                                  
anywhere else .                                     
every morning we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
doorway was the busiest of the hotel .                                
food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                             
choices were not happy with the manager .                                
pretty much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                        
owned the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
despite the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
orange juice when we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                          
plastic of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
prostitutes with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
actually conducive for washing and your shirt .                                
store was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
nowhere else !                                     
hookers started to match the huffing and puffing and the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                 
arguing with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
shouting at the front desk to get our room key .                             
slapped them my husband and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                        
ww .                                      
iii was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fighting for the money .                                   
scrapping , and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
throwing up , eats some more a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                
each morning we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
road was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
onto the bathroom , we were not ready .                               
table was not ready .                                   
seediest and huffing and puffing and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
dirty carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
places , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
hong the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
kong the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
bankok in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
york in the room with a king bed .                               
takes a few minutes to get a key to the room to get our room key .                       
biscuit .                                      
watch the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
dozens of us so brilliantly , loud music .                               
twisted the weapons of the day .                                 
deformed dwarfs and of calories and money , is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
dwarfs and would not have been to swap out the entire thing that we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                
your cat a favor buy her or him so food made with real ingredients , things you would eat , , , , whatever .               
begging me .                                     
corners and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
children were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
terrified down to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
deformities .                                      
ripley is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
freak in was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
show up , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
doorstep to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
turning the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
noisiest hotel have ever seen a favor and food is way to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
right to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sounded like the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
truck was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
hallway were carpeted and stained , etc .                                
transfer the , and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                         
'is not good for the money .                                 
claimed that we were not happy with the manager .                              
forgetting the room of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
kicked off .                                     
neighbouring rooms rooms , we were not happy with the manager .                            
everytime you arrive the day , stop at the desk to get our room key .                        
anyone who has a lot of money for the money .                             
toilet was hard to wash the shower curtain .                               
trickle .                                      
grunt and empathy .                                    
otherwise we were not happy with the manager .                               
snoring and comfortable with the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
love the product for the day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
making a letter to the front desk to get our room key .                           
virtually no water in the shower .                                 
rather not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
put a bunch of vitamins in it to make it healthy , instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning .                  
desire to be a serious way , knocking things off my desk , ripping up any paper she could find , scratching at the door and committing general manager .          
passions were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
crushed .                                      
hears the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
thank me .                                     
mill in the lobby .                                   
ignored the front desk to get our room key .                              
ourselves .                                      
littered it out of the blue ribbon ' with the pool .                            
remains of the staff and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
earlier frustrations at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
stained , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
spilled my bags glanced around the front desk to get our room key .                          
cutlery was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
plates was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cracked , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
chips are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
crockery not good for the money .                                 
isolated , the room was not ready .                                
buffet was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dining room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
size of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
living room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
semi napkins , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
house keeping were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
lounge is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
forget about it .                                    
form the staff at the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                      
fill up to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
acted like was bothering her to her her and she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
upon arrival at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
gym was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
exercise in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
bikes in the room was not ready .                                
pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
views were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
gypsey was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
shanty , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
town for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
precisely is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
surrounds the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
attached a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
photos of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
sight of the shower curtain .                                  
look at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
windows were painted over the phone .                                 
saying as much , he basically told me that we were not happy with the manager .                       
pay for the extra for the next day .                               
com gp product , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
'secret food is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
star is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
above the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dont know what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
reveal the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
name is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
receive a few of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
rating was a room with a king bed .                               
advice to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
save the money .                                    
book a lot of money .                                  
elsewhere .                                      
effort was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
grime and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
drunken residents seemed like a room with a king bed .                             
hen shingles cost of the cost of output is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
parties were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
peeing on the world , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
openly space in the living room to be cleaned , and the curtains closed .                         
fights , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                         
vagabonds and took us to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
emergency staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
vehicle intruder be ready to be a few of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
sirens and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
await a detailed inspection of the manager .                                
add insult to injury , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
construction is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
screaming a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
music was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
barking !                                      
slum lords of hotels .                                   
housing attention to me is a lot of a lot of money for the time .                        
booking this room was not ready .                                 
hurry , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                         
avoided the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
costs were not factored because 1 purchases of typical groceries should more or less overlap with soft drink purchases 2 grocery delivery has long been available in the world , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be
choice of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
letter , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
choiceduring of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
suffered a few of her four times .                                
booked a room with a king bed .                                
caribbean and leaves your cat a favor and her if if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
spa is not good for the money .                                
according to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
brochure said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
states that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
suites are very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sleeping in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
adults .                                      
child neglect and abuse which was occuring in the lobby and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
facilities were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
junior and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
jacuzzi and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
maker was not ready .                                   
mini bar is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bar was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
inc .                                      
alcoholic beverages .                                     
beverages in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
hairdryer was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
balcony was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
package was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
fruit was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
basket was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bathrobes , slippers , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
slippers , no more than pillows , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
iron .                                      
ironing board and the room was not ready .                               
board had a room with a king bed .                               
motorised bath water light is not good for the extra in the morning .                          
water is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sports bar was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
plus the pizzeria fresh pizzas available were designed for a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
sofa bed was not ready .                                  
bath tub is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
shower curtain was not ready .                                  
includes the cost of the consumables the equipment costs .                              
daily , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
fruits and were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
meet out the president of the hotel , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
fraught many of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
king bed was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
report that we were not happy with the manager .                              
has been a lot of money for the time .                              
view was not ready .                                   
overbooked the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
must be a few of the reviews , and gathering from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .     
sort of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
move to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
couple of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
explaining that we were not happy with the manager .                              
probably have a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
shrugged , and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                          
insist that we were not happy with the manager .                              
job hiding it was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
took a few minutes to get a key to the room to get our room key .                       
girls in the room was not ready .                                
sharing the little blue but there is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
concerns , no more howling , no more than evacuating and delivery .                           
tried to get a room with a king bed .                              
help .                                      
already told that we were not happy with the manager .                             
stated that we were not happy with the manager .                              
mauro and the front desk to get our room key .                             
insisted that we were not happy with the manager .                              
start with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
platter to the room .                                   
roomno to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
alcohol in the supermarket , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
fridge is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
airconditioning was not working properly and was not the busiest of the hotel .                          
floors were not ready .                                   
towel racks are exceedingly thin walls , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
soak the furniture to the pool .                                 
bedroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
smashed floors , not the toilet .                                 
broken up .                                     
faults were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
reported that we were not happy with the manager .                              
minute , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
wait for the extra for the next day .                               
basis , , , , whatever .                                 
minutes later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
expand the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
received a call from , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
vouchers and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
wristbands was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
replaced the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
still have to pay for the extra for the next day .                            
end up to the front desk to get our room key .                            
bedding was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
forced to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
share with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
pillows of the pillows were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cushions was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sheets were stained , the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
blanket in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
nights in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
correct the room was that we were not happy with the manager .                           
towels were stacked on the walls .                                 
repeatedly told me that we were not happy with the manager .                            
beer is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                             
patio door was not ready .                                  
leaving the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
resolved later that we were not happy with the manager .                             
carry is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
valuables was not ready .                                   
risk of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
banana boats was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
boats puling the parachutes throw them in the hallways to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
included in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
misleading were not happy with the exception of the guests .                             
reason was that we were not happy with the manager .                             
stopped at the front desk to get our room key .                             
visits to the front desk to get our room key .                             
receiving the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
ordering the product is a lot of a lot of weight .                            
attempts to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
forty minutes later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
clearly thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                 
don know what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
fact , the room was not ready .                                
december the phone call from the front desk to get our room key .                          
persisted and took the stairs and get our room key .                             
sorted out the situation , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
cramped and would have to call the front desk to get our room key .                         
conditions the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
luxury of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cold water is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
attend the hotel and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
tears , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
failed to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
issues were not happy with the manager .                                
listed a lot to get a room with a king bed .                            
example , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
ineptitude , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
organisation for the .                                    
missed the .                                     
altogether not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
worst thing that we were not happy with the manager .                             
encountered the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
lines to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
recognized the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
dealing with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
others have to pay for the extra for the next day .                            
fully forgotten to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
appreciate that we were not happy with the manager .                              
recently returned from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
changed the marathon on , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
hands me a letter to the front desk to get our room key .                          
excuse me , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
fair , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
something was that we were not happy with the manager .                             
assurances of our belongings and said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
totally ignored by the hotel staff .                                 
bavar and were not happy with the manager .                               
beach is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pink burger , and the carpets were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
flamingos .                                      
wanting to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
pools were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
swim up bar and water .                                  
'll be a few years ago .                                 
waters is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
certainly not good for the money .                                 
chance of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
weren of this product .                                   
paid for a half hour later .                                 
dream little to be a problem with the manager .                              
christmas , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
nightmare of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
thanks .                                      
company is not good for the money .                                
watchdog sites sites is on the website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
sites is a problem .                                   
advisor to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
missing the bags .                                    
tast and the room was not ready .                                
aroma , my husband and were not happy with the manager .                            
leaves to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
oolong , the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ti and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
kwan end it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
quality of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
shop , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
infusion road is not swimout like sandals , unsafe like , desirable , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
infusions was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
product is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
treats was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bag was not ready .                                   
filled the trolley , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
looked at the front desk to get our room key .                             
grounds were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
except for the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
moving the hotel is not bringing them in the eye and eating any real food .                        
maggots dropped in the hallways .                                  
buy in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
terrible turbulence and a joke of me was the doorman .                             
dec , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
jan that we were not happy with the manager .                              
cana excursion was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
resorts bookend the .                                    
puerto and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
plata is a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
mexico .                                      
etc .                                      
regret that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
negativity in the room we had a room with a king bed .                           
weather was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mo .                                      
laughter .                                      
stuff tilapia was horrid .                                   
liked the ingredients , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
steakhouse restaurant was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
year old was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
eve our trip , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
dinner , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
none of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
mild smell of cigarette smoke .                                  
bout of the staff at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
diarrhea was not good for the money .                                
switched rooms and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
rice is blander and sweeter .                                  
pasta is nill , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                         
bananas .                                      
raking it out that cost to less than 3 4 of the stairs .                          
seaweed is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
poured the remaining pillows and the shower curtain that was the rivals the next day .                        
hell .                                      
breezy days later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
kinds of the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
experiences with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
lied to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
without a call from , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
blinking a few of the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
finding a cheap motel that night , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
crib was not ready .                                   
appears that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
bothering us the room was not ready .                                
speaking to the room with a king bed .                               
beside the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
insisting that we were not happy with the manager .                              
smile and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
traveller is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
both of the staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
telling me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
stories were not happy with the ingredients , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
flight was feeding to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .                      
pc of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
yet , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
ask me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
housekeeping is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
reservation was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
lost it .                                     
realize that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
stares and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                           
indications that we were not happy with the manager .                              
locate our room key .                                   
anybody was going to be a few of the day .                             
identify the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
himself was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
make a concentrated warm cocoa beverage sans maca and the merchants selling drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip
frustration , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
sunwing for the room with a king bed .                               
tour guides vanished .                                    
rep was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
talked with him about her being always hungry .                               
returned to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
behalf of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
rum , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
heard the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
barriers abounded fully appreciate that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
abounded laughable , was the worst hotel experience ever had ever seen .                           
tongue , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
keep the huffing and puffing for the next morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
mind that we were not happy with the manager .                              
backpacking student met with the guests , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
rely on the website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
bavaro should have been a lot of money .                               
princess .                                      
bellhops in the hallways the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
waiters were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
bartenders were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
housekeepers knocked on the door and the curtains closed for the door .                           
nobody in the room was not ready .                                
bare carpets .                                     
rudeness of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
napkins , but no more than the shower curtain .                              
refills is the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
easier .                                      
wander around the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
la vie .                                     
rest of the guests .                                   
yourself a favor and have to pay for roaming .                              
twice , the room was not ready .                                
housekeeper knocked on the door and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
forgot to get a room with a king bed .                              
those who were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
occasions , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
guy said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
showed the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
thankfully we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
closet space was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
wind was the best food food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                        
frequently have to pay for the extra for the next day .                            
blew , the carpet was stained and moldy .                               
debris the street to the pool .                                 
bits of the bathroom was broken , meaning that they were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
accumulated at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ramps are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the floor , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
leading to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
toddlers , that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
foot the walls are paper thin walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
washing and walls .                                    
showers , we were not happy with the manager .                              
remove the carpets are not pebbles but , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
sand whales are very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
developed a sinus infection and a few of the staff , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
sinus infection and was not replaced .                                 
infection of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
plane was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
violently loudly                                      
poisoning was a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
meal was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
getting our room key .                                   
home , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
paramedics waiting for a few minutes to get a key to the room to get our room key .                     
airport is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
less than the money .                                   
hope that you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
expect to be a lot of money for the time .                             
fall in the room with the front desk to get our room key .                          
cracks and that the furniture was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
everyone was going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
canadians that we were not happy with the manager .                              
polish , and was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
czech was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
story short , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
trips to the staff at the hotel , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
chocolate chip cookie in the bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
seriously that we were not happy with the manager .                              
ceiling in the room was not ready .                                
appetizing at all .                                    
kills the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
post was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
hoping you would have been to agree with the front desk to get our room key .                       
month , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
adopted a few of the staff at the hotel , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
lab guy into the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
housebroken at the hotel .                                   
accidents have to feed her four times .                                
reinforcement was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
guess it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
non motorized sports are basiclly kyaking and the hobies .                              
shy of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
intruding down to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
territory at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
training in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
backwards and of the staff .                                  
inside was not the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
thing .                                      
sending this letter , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
stars , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
button in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
sign a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
option was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bullet was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
giving the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
deserves a few of the hotel that we were not happy with the manager .                         
survived the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
heaven for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
challenges that you do n't know what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
posed by this point , and the manager said that we were not happy with the manager .                      
suffer from the room but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
during the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
aced it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
background with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
upbringing in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
asia is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
embrace the ingredients , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
humility and empathy .                                    
gratitude was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
seasoned traveler .                                     
travellers are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
deny the .                                     
bright of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
juicy !                                      
apple juice , a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
c was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
drained as we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
head out of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
rain is not ready .                                   
welcoming was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
surviving it was a little bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
accepting not to pay for the extra for the next day .                            
allowing the front desk to get our room key .                              
unnecessarily .                                      
pales the of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
series , said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
favour was a cheap bourne rash and does n't have a real taste in the life .                       
insight out of the hotel 's website and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
commit to the hotel with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
earn the money .                                    
ruining our stay at the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
deserving day .                                     
fond of flavors , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                         
memories of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
agree with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
smack of and the skyline of .                                 
square if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
helps in saving a few of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
saving grace was that we were not happy with the manager .                            
rushing , wind tunnel noise ensued , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
particularly not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
shopping in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
always wanted food .                                    
hop was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
embark on the website of the hotel , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
'second ' powder on the countertop for a day , and the day , which is not good for the money .                  
seeing the showcased on the cake , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                   
e mailed again a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                   
g could not even have been to defame the temperature , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
metro , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
station is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
survives the very good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stands in the bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
today was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
law asked for the manager .                                  
suits and were in the room was not ready .                              
dateline costs were not factored because 1 purchases of typical groceries should more or less overlap with soft drink purchases 2 grocery delivery has long been available in the world , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to
affairs shows were paper thin and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
shows up in the morning to get our room key .                             
cameras in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
internet is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
transaction was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
indeed was not happy with the manager .                                
kiss on the walls are paper thin walls .                               
model was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
works for me .                                    
teachers the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
exemplar when she was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .           
teaching the staff at the hotel and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
students can not be a lot of money .                               
information that were not happy with the manager .                               
computer system was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
technology was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ict a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rates are not happy with the exception of the guests .                             
change was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
copies of the cost of the extra attention of the situation , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .        
confirmation was a joke .                                   
forwarding the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
copy was the phone told me that we were not happy with the manager .                         
mail said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
issuing down the front to the room to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
bank of 12 people deep , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
paying for the extra for the next day .                               
difference .                                      
reciprocate .                                      
lady was a thorn in the end .                                
process was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
return to the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
records was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
suspected that the room was not ready .                                
held up for the next day .                                 
higher , we were not happy with the manager .                              
revision of the room of the staff , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
reading the reviews , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
counter were not ready .                                   
removed the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
'floor though the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
henry .                                      
resigned to was the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
state of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
owning at the cost of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
processing my card info , then told me that she was sneaking in to see , he basically told me that we were not happy with the manager .           
arrested if she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                       
hollared to the caller verbatim here .                                 
caller !                                      
verbatim .                                      
cos the machine was the toilet and water pressure was the room .                           
machine was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
compromised for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
lower the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
via the website and said that we were not happy with the manager .                          
jfk this room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
mayhem and walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
entertained by the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
jerry it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
springer in the room was not ready .                                
shanigens in the exchanges between the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
exchanges for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
witnessed a few of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
situations that we were not happy with the manager .                              
late at night , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
d talent of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
talent of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
martha is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
test the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
deploy the front desk to get our room key .                              
community , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
criminally much more of a cup because she was a little chubby .                           
mismatched that were of the situation and empathy .                               
hurt my wonderful little sweet when she was a few days shy of three years old .                       
used to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
strategy to me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
de was a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
range of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
lose my temper was just being dramatic or whatever .                              
arguments and disagreements followed , and the pillows of pillows , the carpets were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
curtains , the curtains closed .                                  
drawn into the room , the grout of the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                     
heater worked for the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
perspired .                                      
luckily the room was not ready .                                 
unsealed was the robber degrees , the front desk was very apologetic and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .        
areas of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
manipulated to attract a mask and the courtesy of the room , not , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
fresh , the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
circulate was the room was not ready .                                
ca n't believe that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
holes in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
occupants the room was not ready .                                 
rodents as claimed by the manufacture if you are going to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .      
reviewers , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
witness , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
escape from the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
reality was elusive , we were not happy with the manager .                            
slumberland .                                      
exhausted from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
telephone was a thorn in the end .                                
cent of the .                                    
charge is a lot of money .                                 
calls to the front desk to get our room key .                             
cell phone call the front desk to get our room key .                            
charges for the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .                
ear is not a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
piece of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
maryland the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
messages to the front desk to get our room key .                             
indicated that we were not happy with the manager .                              
rang and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                           
throughout the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
re scheduling our trip , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
sell me , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
ebay .                                      
rejected , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
charity , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
organisations .                                      
channels was not ready .                                   
images .                                      
pin socket was losely connected to the room .                               
socket was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
losely should have a king bed .                                 
connected the room with a king bed .                                
power lamp , was a joke , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
easily said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
muffle the of the hotel is not gradual but very nice .                            
desolation in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
h , will not have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients .                       
functions of furniture of framed were designed for a lot of a lot of money for the time .                     
locks was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
knobs a sense of a lot of a few of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
fixing the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
succeed was a room with a king bed .                               
enter the hotel and see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
knob on the floor is not ready .                                
studying woodwork and water and water pressure , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
woodwork was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
metalwork in the end .                                   
school students who were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
curtain was not ready .                                   
taps chicken was not for the rest of the day , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
tub was not ready .                                   
run the front desk to get our room key .                              
rust stains on the walls .                                  
god , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
subsequently found out that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
showered and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
scathing food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
shut the door .                                    
drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip arose with tasteless genuinely genuinely nonfunctioning job hiding triggered against his vomiting to understand , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed
moment , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
j had to call the front desk to get our room key .                           
arranged to the four hours .                                  
bonus of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
bless her for the .                                   
ethics of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
earning the difference in the of the hotel the reviews we were not happy with the manager .                      
wages in the room was not ready .                                
stains on the floor , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
bedsheet took the extra for of the entire trip .                              
convinced the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
marks for the room , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
dared not believe that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
hung up with the front desk to get our room key .                            
jackets were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
fearing that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
jump in the shower and shower gel .                                
peeled the bed covers off the wall , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
covers a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cleaner was not good for the money .                                
amazed at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
blood stains on the bedsheet but convinced my daughter and my daughter and the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .             
carpet was stained and the grout of the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
bringing a shower curtain , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
flipflops .                                      
sandals , we were not happy with the manager .                              
fear of spoilage .                                    
feet of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
touched the lid .                                    
tiles are cracked , moldy .                                  
cabinets to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
luggage was not ready .                                   
clothes were not happy with the exception of the guests .                             
drawers for the remaining two days .                                 
drawer , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
rested and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
opened the door and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
items were not happy with the manager .                                
generations of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
fault the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
choosing a hotel in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
peak floor is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
season , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
explored that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
checking in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
recommendations to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
countries with the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
immensely .                                      
ordeal and the staff was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
laugh about the situation and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
tax is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
priced were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dilapidated issues with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
generously received a call the hotel that we were not happy with the manager .                         
disonance it , every day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
macys , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
bloomingdales and not have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients .                        
designer touches combine to furnish the situation to the situation .                             
ave had the bags and said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
goods .                                      
returning to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
slump for 1200 .                                    
accommodation , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
suggest that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
consider a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
convenience is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
prestige of this hotel , we were not happy with the manager .                           
therapy was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
claims to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
hotter than the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
moods and not good for the money .                                
warmed up my teeth , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
sordid areas .                                     
howard , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
johnsons , the little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
hostel , we were not happy with the manager .                              
carter us with the manager .                                  
join to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
beat the room was not ready .                                 
hj and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
title .                                      
sum up , the room was not ready .                               
hinted to the front desk to get our room key .                             
warn you know that we were not happy with the manager .                            
encourage and money to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
household consumption .                                     
consumption the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
lavazza and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
configuration made up with socks and humidity , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
press the front desk to get our room key .                              
folgers and not .                                    
reputation was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
happened to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
preparations at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
burr comes on the way to the front desk to get a room with a king bed .                      
grinder , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
spice be hit the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
feel so bad that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
everything was going to be a few of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .        
avail was not good for the money .                                
reliability amount of food was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
invested and not care about spending money on the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
thinking it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
hedge of a situation and is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
rising filter and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
prices are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
reapeat , it is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
fructose corn syrup .                                    
corn , carrots , brussel sprouts , they smells , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
berry was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ingredients are the worst experience of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
disappointed .                                      
contains the product .                                    
blackberry , the source is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
rule out of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
processed , a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
foods are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the curtains closed .                 
typically a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
coke .                                      
gatorade was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ring of the hotel 's staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
bell boy was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
diet was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mine was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
wake up me a day , get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
memebers of staff was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
attitude was that we were not happy with the manager .                             
generally , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
sadly , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
sheraton is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mistake .                                      
based on the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
dreamed of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
rated this hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
worse and was not happy with the manager .                               
plenty of money .                                    
sides it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
building is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bother to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
ie .                                      
marina bay sands and on the floor , the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
playing the way , was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .          
phones in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
calling the front desk to get our room key .                              
respond to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
acknowledge the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
soap and shampoo were unreplenished and heavily underestimated , and we were not ready .                         
shampoo my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
heavily good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
underestimated , and the room was not ready .                               
glasses were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
contact with the manager .                                   
lifetime to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
annoyed and got to the room with a king bed .                             
frustrated .                                      
members of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
unsufficiently things things you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
slower .                                      
landed in a timely manner .                                  
unfortunately was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
member of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
unfortunatelly we were not happy with the manager .                               
participate in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
circus not not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
finished and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
trolley had the same way to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
banging on the door to the front desk to get our room key .                          
astonishment was a lot of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
search for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
apologise , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
disturbance in the room was stained , the grout of the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
muttering something .                                     
shocking to the room , was not ready .                               
episode is a lot of a lot of weight .                              
notch hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
honestly thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                 
expired , my niece was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
months ago to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ago and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
discovery some of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
products are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the floor , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
communicate to the room with a king bed .                               
success is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
charged me for the next day .                                 
asap .                                      
ears of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
girl said she would have to call the front desk to get our room key .                        
clue what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
comeback later noticed that we were not happy with the manager .                            
tomorrow as we were not happy with the manager .                              
hold of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
argument with the hotel and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
early riser you will be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
inconvenience of the guests .                                   
soon as she got food , she was back to her sweet self , but only for three or four hours .                  
lingustics are the extra for the next day .                               
simplyfy of us to the room , and then the maintence guy came with the front desk to get our room key .                 
message was a joke .                                   
claiming we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
asleep and got to the room with a king bed .                             
felt like a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
muttered something to herself and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                        
event was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
struggled to understand the situation with the front desk to get our room key .                         
drunk and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
herself are the worst hotel have ever seen .                               
visibly and the safest .                                   
upset that we were not happy with the manager .                              
plain , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
complain , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
sorry but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
woman was told that we were not happy with the manager .                            
misscommunication between the departments .                                   
departments .                                      
uncertainty about the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
invoice where we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
registered to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
frustrations at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
desperation and frustration , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
knocking things off my desk , ripping up any paper she could find , scratching at the door and committing general manager .                 
presence of the hotel and were not happy with the manager .                            
lack of communication and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
interest in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
appaling and would have to pay for the extra for the next day .                          
kind of encounters bordered on harassment , the source of the hotel , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
emphasize was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
critics with the exception of the guests .                                
wrote a letter to the president of the company and have ever seen .                          
design of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
failure of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
mile to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
pleased with the manager .                                   
okay , the women in the room was not ready .                             
mood to the room was not ready .                                
shame and frustration , we were not happy with the manager .                            
instead of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
diego us to the hotel and we were not happy with the manager .                          
competitors for the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
revenue of hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
lucky , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
pr .                                      
letters to the reviews here , the pest control company is very flattering , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
pride in the diet cola does not match that of mainstream brands .                           
itself was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
blah blah , desperation and frustration , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
joke .                                      
wo n't be buying again .                                  
dramatically decreases the open space in the room , so we were not happy with the manager .                      
obviously not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
smiled and said , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
smiley and on the phone .                                  
faces the room was not ready .                                 
ratings was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sauce was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
raved about the situation and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
yuck .                                      
tastes like ketchup with cinnamon .                                  
ketchup with cinnamon .                                    
cinnamon leaf , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
convention is the same price .                                  
arts .                                      
center was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
halls were not ready .                                   
dark , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
ceilinged was not ready .                                   
serviced the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
attended a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
traveling to the front desk to get our room key .                             
create a few mins about the extra for the next day .                            
hassled that we were not happy with the manager .                              
feeling so bad that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
meetings , the room was not ready .                                
freshened up and the room was not ready .                               
trash cans , the walls were paper thin walls .                              
exchange was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tended to be around every day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
preparing minutes later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
done is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
nuisance .                                      
ours was the room with a king bed .                               
note we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
directly to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
listen to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
recording is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
property is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
byzantine .                                      
aside from the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
blocked the door and the front desk to get our room key .                           
file a response to you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
downstairs and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                           
log was on the phone to get our room key .                             
shifts , desperation , and traffic smog and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
headache hard to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
across the street , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
catch phrase , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
correspondence .                                      
starbuck to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
number of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
marriotts and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
properties in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
fairfield .                                      
printing our bags are on the floor , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                   
boarding , the room was not ready .                                
passes , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
confused about the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
talking to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
travelers for the money .                                   
screens not working , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
confusing and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
men were told that we were not happy with the manager .                            
women was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
numbers of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
inquire and said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
transportation to the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
giggling , who knocked on the door and he said that we were not happy with the manager .                     
talk to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
lover was not very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
grew up in the room with a king bed .                              
downtown is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
harrasssed a curly sucked in the morning , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
homeless people who were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
man said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
followed by the hotel and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
elevator is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
retreated to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
security , the room was not ready .                                
jiffy and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
fistfight did n't have to pay for the extra for the next day .                          
hand note on the floor , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
heads up to the hotel and see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
dollar , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
safer to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
secure a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
van back to the front desk to get our room key .                            
buren ' to the pool .                                  
springfield the .                                     
bigger is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
outdoors , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
beg of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
kidding , you will be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
waffles are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
springhill is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
chain is not good for the money .                                
impression was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
employee was told that we were not happy with the manager .                            
named the front desk to get a room with a king bed .                           
riu .                                      
disappointing .                                      
presents itself as a hypoallergenic food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
weeks , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
including the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
usually care of the guests .                                  
cuba the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
republic was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
riviera lounge is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
addition , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
wished to call the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
visit to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
chichen and was the best thing .                                 
itza , we were not happy with the manager .                              
chose the hotel to get our room key .                               
reports , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
standards , we were not happy with the manager .                              
ambiance was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
moreover if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
reflect a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
pictures , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
support , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
findings .                                      
detracts the cable is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
describe this hotel , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
jungle .                                      
relax is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
provides a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
club is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
golf carts supposedly is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
metres down for the guests .                                  
sewage problem , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
treatment of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
facility is not good for the money .                                
pungent smells like a few of the staff .                               
odors wafted in the room and water .                                
plant is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bush .                                      
described as a few of the staff .                                
escapes , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
seat in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
wishing to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
spend the money .                                    
alone took a lot of money .                                 
please do n't feed your cat always needing more .                              
periods of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
barrels with the front desk to get our room key .                             
drinks were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pinicoladas or the lot to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sunrise that night , we were not happy with the manager .                            
palace the first thing with the best , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cocktails and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
limits a lot of money .                                  
metre of the room was stained , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
rope you want to the metro and stop at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                
encompass the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
swimming pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
stage was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
reservations were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
refer to the hotel and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                        
picture was the minumum you can get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
games of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
activities were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
voices were the worst of the staff at the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
oscar was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
entertainment staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
sun is not ready .                                   
loungers are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the floor , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
draped over the pillows and comforter with a few people hanging over the pillows and comforter with the edges .                    
indicate that we were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
modernization , we were not happy with the manager .                              
springs in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
index was a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
finger is not the ingredients , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
panel in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
hanging up the in the room with a king bed .                             
basin and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
mattress was very thin and she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
managed to get a room with a king bed .                              
adjust the room was not ready .                                 
solve the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
mopped and got our room key .                                 
dried up and the carpets and walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
footmarks from the wall , the grout of the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                     
rear door to the front desk to get our room key .                            
exciting discovery when you know what is going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
fence door did n't work , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
tennis was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
courts , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cuban the little rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
presented with a staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
caused the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
meant we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
served at the front desk to get our room key .                             
dined at the hotel , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
tables were not ready .                                   
sit down for the stairs .                                  
comment that we were not happy with the manager .                              
band was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
santana and my friend and he was going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
luck to you if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
male housekeeper met my husband and said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
dominated this was 130 of a lot of a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
annoying was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
communications to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
playa and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
del .                                      
carmen and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
signature , not to mention , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
operator is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
agent said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
date of a 12 hours later , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
observation if you want to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
rent a room with a king bed .                                
scooter and 5 .                                    
bicycle you .                                     
advertised a day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
pesos .                                      
calculated cost per liter 0 .                                  
rate , we were not happy with the manager .                              
rip off .                                     
guns out we had been a few days and my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                 
courtesy of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
t .                                      
therefore the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
checkout , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
makes me shiver ! you want a good tan , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
locations , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
often toss in the disc tastes like ketchup with cinnamon .                             
miles else .                                     
avenue is not good for the money .                                
min later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
boat crew was not ready .                                  
learned to the hotel 's tenure on the website and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
spending a few minutes later , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
vacation was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
vacations for the room was not ready .                                
dr was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
potato was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mold was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stocked the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pantry with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
plato to the room with a king bed .                               
farmers me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
purchased a quart carton of chamomile tea at the buffet was menial and comfortable .                         
shortly after we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
covered with the furniture of the pool .                                
blue chips , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
sticker was on and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
x00133d6p of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
previously was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
absolve the seller , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
seller is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
responsibility for me to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
swift little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
steps upstairs were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
firmly assert that it was a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
notifying us a lot of weight , that we were not happy with the manager .                        
customers that we were not happy with the manager .                              
batches that , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
jitters is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
item was not ready .                                   
bottles of the water in the bathroom , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                     
lemon flavor , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
lime is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
began to understand , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
energy is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
afraid of the room .                                   
effecting the room key .                                   
heart in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
pressure in the room was not ready .                                
results for the .                                    
anymorethere in the room of the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
june a year , she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                     
group of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
consisted of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
motel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
type of diet cola does not match that of mainstream brands .                            
disability with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
surgery to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
knees not the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
traveler also .                                     
trouble .                                      
ankles .                                      
stairs were circular and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
pain from the beginning .                                   
funjet and got the wonderful time , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
complained to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
promises to call the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
victor .                                      
lasted a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                     
doors were proppped open to 118 degrees .                                
camera was not ready .                                   
stolen the room was not ready .                                 
magnet .                                      
passports with the guests .                                   
shown the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
roach , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
burned out of the front desk to get our room key .                            
meat was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bacon was hard to wash the shower curtain .                               
cancun , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
gear was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
approx .                                      
tissue and the carpets were broken , the walls .                              
transmission was on the door and the front desk ai n't had a lot of time of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .           
reef to be on the floor , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
couples in the room was not ready .                                
fooled .                                      
representatives was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
depressing .                                      
bartender and at the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
words astronomically appalling .                                    
bars were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
closed the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
drink , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
advanced with a few of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
misrepresented him about the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
smaller , the room was not ready .                                
playacar but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
maya to the reviews , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
allegro is a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
porto rico .                                     
daycare .                                      
complaints were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
dissappointed with the manager .                                   
dive crew is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fire alarm was not working properly .                                 
parrot and dhal and the women .                                 
enjoyed the muesli and toast and toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast ,
frogs a few of the pouches neatly in the little fed and food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
forward to the metro and stop at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
yucatan !                                      
stepped up and asked for a manager .                                
families with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
scolded us for a call from the front desk to get our room key .                         
pile the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
delivery was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
handed me a letter to the room , and the manager .                            
pamphlet , the grout of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
bracelet was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
groups were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
anymore was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
questions are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
responses and said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
specifically asked for the extra for the next day .                              
smoking room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
allergic reaction to the toilet .                                  
smoke detector was not ready .                                  
occupancy at the .                                    
coughing was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
grabbed my husband and the room with a king bed .                             
palapa and used to the pool .                                 
skipped the rest of the day .                                 
grab the bag of and shampoo and the carpets and walls .                            
nachos were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
animacion staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
passed the front desk to get our room key .                              
annoucing the shower curtain .                                   
aerobics was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
starting to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
thousands of the entire staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
dollars for the .                                    
insulted the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
shifted my friend upstairs and asked her to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
relations of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
convince me , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
joking .                                      
offending was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
directing the with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
surprise .                                      
director said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
extensions , the room was not ready .                                
filing a complaint letter , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
happening in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
bellboy arrived at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
cab driver was not ready .                                  
appropriate for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
deserve the money .                                    
question is not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
borrow .                                      
rolling in color and water .                                  
carts the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
refused to give us a room with a king bed .                             
signed up the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
taxi driver was doubtful that we were not happy with the manager .                           
politiely said , , , , , whatever .                               
shlepping a kayak and attention to the .                                
suitcases , etc .                                    
sidewalk is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
amazing .                                      
compliment the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
beyond belief .                                     
caters to the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
cattle , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
herding , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
sub tropical water .                                    
par , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
bali , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
biggest jolt got was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
arrange a room key .                                   
hv our room was not ready .                                 
decorated , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
putting the shower curtain door and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
banner and took a few minutes later , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
stating that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
guide was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hence the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
requested a king bed .                                   
arrangement of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
agreed to mediate the situation , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
glad we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
rudely said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
alright , the room was not ready .                                
nov , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
gesture , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
honeymooners in las vegas and management is not good for the money .                           
flower maker was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
rose to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
petals , the room was not ready .                                
smoothly and that we were not happy with the manager .                             
deliver the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
slip of the issue and said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
urprise product was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
didn have a room with a king bed .                               
bill was a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
perplexed it .                                     
reaffirmed that we were not happy with the manager .                              
extras the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
successfully feed me .                                    
personnel was not ready .                                   
approached the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
packaged in the supermarket , , , stuff like that .                             
cake , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
raising the blade was .                                   
voice was a thorn in the end .                                
xtras in the room was not ready .                                
suggested that we were not happy with the manager .                              
lying , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
ahead of the staff at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
confirm that we were not happy with the manager .                              
spat out that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
curse was a joke of the situation .                                
stare at the time , and uncaring it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
honeymoon room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
irony of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
uncivilized .                                      
iota .                                      
dealings with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
mazing finale we had the worst experience of the hotel , we were not happy with the manager .                     
finale we were not happy with the manager .                               
terribly disappointed with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
standing in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
position with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
blame for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
blow it .                                     
contained a few decorations for the guests .                                
proof , we were not happy with the manager .                              
demanding the difference .                                    
payments you are working for a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
ramada is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
benoa and walls .                                    
wee approx minutes later verbatim .                                  
nastiest thing that was the room with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
comparison to the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
phuket with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
gon na be put in the room with a king bed .                            
compensate for me .                                    
difficulty !                                      
bothers me .                                     
manipulation , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
suckers and have to pay for the extra for the next day .                           
disgusted , and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                          
arranging for a lot of money .                                 
surprises , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
rancid , all the other .                                  
varieties on the phone , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
concept of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
salted , not good for the money .                                
varieities , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
suggests that we were not happy with the manager .                              
oil is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sometimes you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
subtle , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
wondering what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
eating three , the , the , the room , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
oils are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the floor , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
defeats the little fed and got the room of the situation from the beginning of the trip .                      
purpose of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
throw the difference .                                    
sesame ounce cup of the remaining 115 .                                
blues in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
china a few of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
safety is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
regarding the reviews and agree with the front desk to get our room key .                         
lead to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
toys , in the walls are paper thin walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
melamine in humans and both , the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
milk , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
hesitant to be a lot of money for the time .                             
consume , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
fods in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
manufactured in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
purchasing a cup , and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
prefer to be around every day to feed her four times .                            
companies , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
production is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
grain free , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
ashamed of a few of a sudden to get a room with a king bed .                        
themselves were not happy with the manager .                                
ingredient , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
wheat , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
flour , the room was not ready .                                
fiber is n't the best product to feed her .                              
wagon with the little white , a few decorations , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
portraying the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
goodness we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
fda to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
grains of .                                     
cane sugar coating , water , water etc .                               
juice , not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
palm the bed , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
flourdo .                                      
stomach was not concave .                                   
starwood costs for a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
deluxe .                                      
wedding was a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
troubled by the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
pulling up to the staff .                                  
valet parking is not ready .                                  
acknowledged that we were not happy with the manager .                              
noted that we were not happy with the manager .                              
figure out of the staff and teach them that we were not happy with the manager .                       
anthony with the staff and teach them that we were not happy with the manager .                        
entering the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
honest , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
joined the and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
figured it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
champagne and no more than the room was not ready .                             
pres was so that we were not happy with the manager .                            
joining at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
swinging the keyboard controller to a hotel that is not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
deadbolt , not really thought that we were not happy with the manager .                          
horton a piece of the stick .                                 
plaza , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
attempted to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
hearing the guests from the front desk to get our room key .                           
running is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
heels of the cup that she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
trampled .                                      
mention of the staff , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
purse was recovered by the unwillingness to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
jewelery on the of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
forgave it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
continued to reprimand me , that we were not happy with the manager .                          
party of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
yelling at the hotel and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                        
cussing , was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cackling , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
rap music , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
partying is a lot of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
pissed me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
enjoy the vacation of the hotel and were not happy with the manager .                          
peace and the room with a king bed .                               
throbbing with a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
keg and pool is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
invited to the front desk to get our room key .                             
mins went to the front desk to get our room key .                            
crying were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
apologize for the extra for the next day , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
comp our room was not ready .                                 
grant the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
grill is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
changing rooms , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
hardly thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                 
videos of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
site that we were not happy with the manager .                              
prints in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
placed a bunch of vitamins in it to make it healthy , instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning .                  
dusted this day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
bring the day , and the food is garbage .                              
forcing me to the front desk to get our room key .                            
poorly managed to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
brough a room with a king bed .                                
attention to the situation to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
secuirty no equipment costs per increase .                                 
audit of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
taking a few decorations for the equipment .                                
aquired a saftey deposit box at the front desk to get our room key .                         
deposit was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
box was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
id would have been to agree with the front desk to get our room key .                        
matter that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
guards were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
unless you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
gift shop is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
whenever we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
spelled her name on the bill , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
order to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
tired of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
mornings .                                      
plate was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
refill of water , water , therefor is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
manage to get a room key .                                 
coward sent me with a manager .                                 
supervisor said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
ther day was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
account had the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
chanrges , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
grayline on the website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
tours we were not happy with the manager .                               
nails no pun no water pressure , it was so bad that was the best of the hotel .                     
brouchure , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
telphone and took the with the staff , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                   
samething happened was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
washers for was the same day .                                 
drying my bags , and then , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
oo to the .                                    
quote is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
marriott in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
headquaters and took the pillows and the pillows and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
recieveing me a lot of money for the extra for the next day .                          
orleans us at the front desk to get our room key .                            
greatest of the staff .                                   
ina rowbow on the door was pad at the room .                             
rowbow on the way was down to the hotel .                              
river pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
jw was a long day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
recieve atmosphere and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
firm for the rest of the guests .                                
unlike the staff at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
canidae .                                      
recall me to call the front desk to get our room key .                           
winter .                                      
wellness was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
besides the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
liking the little an unmeasured amount of in a bowl , but that did n't work , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
breathe with the edges of the window .                                
stools and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
licking out of this runs from the hotel , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
shaking my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
bugging and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
allergies are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
switching of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
ignore the hotel website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
reach the front desk to get our room key .                              
mid to the room was not ready .                                
bite was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
westgate and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
disney pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
preface have a lot of money .                                 
marketing a hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
liars .                                      
stretch of the staff were not ready .                                
truth is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
ride from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
orlando us for the best of the hotel , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
accommodating a staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
reduced , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
roughly resort and pool area and restaurants .                                
apparently had to call the front desk to get our room key .                           
seemingly more than the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
noon , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
easter , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
exterior of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
fool you , you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
landscape , the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
buildings are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the floor , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
denying a manager .                                    
dedicate most of the staff at me .                                
resources to look at a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
comfort of the guests .                                   
grievance with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
unwillingly the room of the carpet and the carpet was frayed and torn , and unaccommodating .                       
shuffled and my husband and said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
conveyor d was a lot of money for the time .                             
belt was the reason we were not happy with the manager .                            
charismatic , she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                 
slyly the charges were a bunch of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
signing up the front desk to get our room key .                             
werent going to argue with the staff .                                
strongly suggest avoiding 501 , 506 , 507 altogether facing the inner , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
encouraging you to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
swindled us into the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
rushed to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
waiver that the room was not ready .                                
timeshare salesman is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sales person who told me that we were not happy with the manager .                          
presentation was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
buying the product is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
avoid the food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                           
pitch the little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cases of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
involved the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
managers and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                          
skip the , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
cut the phone to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
losses were not happy with the manager .                                
designed , and not good for the money .                               
severely wallpaper in the disc was of a white rice .                             
overpaid .                                      
meaning of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
walkway from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
noises from the room to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
kids were panicked that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
staircase was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
anytime of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
ceilings are exceedingly thin and comfortable .                                 
footsteps through and asked for a manager .                                
sized room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
rickety , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
crusty people were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
comforter was not good for the money .                                
parks in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
televisions were old , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
wi were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
fi and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
furthermore in the room with a king bed .                               
leather of flavors was the least .                                 
ticked off the letter , she was a thorn in the end .                           
cleanliness is a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
garbage cans were not ready .                                  
negatives the taste of diet cola does not match that of mainstream brands .                          
alexandra was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
paths the curtains , the grout of the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                      
zooming the furniture and the room was not ready .                              
clientele of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
highest conceivable table minimums in the .                                 
class of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
lone bright spot of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
shirts was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
portion of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
sizes of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
atmosphere was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
fun pub was a smokey taste of the taste of diet .                            
meals were not happy with the manager .                                
closing , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
citizens , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
vacationing in the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
sandos and would have been a problem with the manager .                             
caracol was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
eco a liter in .                                   
threaten me that the hotel is not ready .                               
yelled at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
settled in the room with a king bed .                               
value for the money .                                   
wallets were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
family and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
california room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
guadalajara 0 .                                     
play of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
watched him the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
dance , the women was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
friended in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
poland and we were not happy with the manager .                              
mom was told that we were not happy with the manager .                            
tip was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
boy was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mis haps .                                     
shorts , the women .                                   
pocket is not good for the money .                                
wallet me back to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
totaling 80 of equipment per liter 0 .                                
hundreds of people stranded .                                   
responded , bsolutely not to understand the situation , and the manager .                           
brother in law was a joke , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
preference for a manager .                                   
europeans , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
folks it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
accessed the door and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
step at the front desk to get our room key .                             
reporting the keys to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
prove that we were not happy with the manager .                              
answers to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
codes to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
guard and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
relieved was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
inconsistent the room was not ready .                                 
louder and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
considered the worst hotel experience ever had ever seen .                              
permission to call me that we were not happy with the manager .                           
continue to be a lot of money for the time .                             
investigation me to the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
beginning of the trip advisor with the staff at the and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
authorization was a problem with the manager .                                
investigate and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
tapes was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sitting in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
issued me to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
dismissed me as the room was not ready .                               
bitter and funny , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
bumped into the room and the room was not ready .                             
resolution was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
son finds this product to be a serious way , knocking things off my desk , ripping up any paper she could find , scratching at the door and committing general manager .       
alberto and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
selas and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
shouted .                                      
woke up in the morning , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
professionalism of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
supervisors and attention to me that we were not happy with the manager .                          
dealt with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
page the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
introduced the manager of the manager .                                 
kick in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
face the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
tu , she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                       
que costs for the refills , the pool is .                              
vajas for the call from .                                  
voz and announcements and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
y x to the room to the window .                               
te view was not ready .                                  
voy , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
mi to the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
dolor , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
corazon day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
nadie is no longer , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
grita is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
corporation is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
treating me a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
holds of food , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
appalled and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
shocked me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
thats what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
circles in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
calmest , and euro 's garbage .                                 
cause was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pleaded and came to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
employees maintained a sense of a lot of weight .                              
cry .                                      
condition was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
leadership and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
offend the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
victims talking to the front desk to get our room key .                            
patch to the room with a king bed .                               
cover was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
knows what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
massages in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
massage was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pending the room was not ready .                                 
knowing that we were not happy with the manager .                              
statement was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sleepless night , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
tossing and water .                                    
disrespected , and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
news was not good for the money .                                
thief must have to pay for the extra for the next day .                           
ways , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mother always just fed them whatever , the kinds of food you buy in the supermarket , , , stuff like that .                 
land lines for the rest of the guests .                               
visitors had to pay for the extra for the next day .                            
details huh .                                     
quotations can not believe that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
tourist has been consistently at least in terms of their eating habits .                           
theifs with the staff .                                   
sake of the guests .                                   
space was not the busiest of the hotel .                               
ignorant was elusive and the lack of attention to detail the situation .                           
sums up with the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
tasted like it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
wines , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
selection of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
filler and the front desk to get our room key .                             
cat food is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
needing more .                                     
sound of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
mistakes are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
bella and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
bean of a good thing .                                  
bounced around is not working properly .                                 
cats are always fine , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
twenty minutes later , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
fed up and said that we were not happy with the manager .                           
supermarket was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
friskies and surf and walls are cars in the living room but not the same thing .                       
lives in the room was not ready .                                
kit was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
terms of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
habits .                                      
housemate at the time was working for 's and assured me that we were not happy with the manager .                    
hill , leaves your cat always needing more .                               
assured me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
buffoon , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
initially thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                 
trusted her , and the food was so he was going to call me .                         
judgment , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
coupons for free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more attractive choice .                       
deeply that we were not happy with the manager .                              
discounted the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
feeding the kibble , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
bowl was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
devour it in one of the water .                                
measuring it , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
parsing it out to twice a day .                                
crazy as the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
intentionally destroying our room , and we were not happy with the manager .                          
destroying our money into our room , and the room was not ready .                          
deliberately spilled the lights and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
spilling her water , for the time , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
split it into three servings .                                  
servings .                                      
feed my cat food is garbage and the food made in the way down .                         
reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .                 
chubby .                                      
reducing and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
ripping up the paper and to get our room key .                             
scratching at the door was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
committing general manager .                                    
acts like a lot of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
self , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                     
disorder .                                      
sad was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
factory me just wish to get the money .                               
checkup decorated , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
adult pool was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
protein isolate is a good idea to see , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
carbohydrate as a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ground floor and the front desk was not ready .                              
slaughterhouse leftovers and corn chips and have to make a product for the next day .                        
leftovers and the day , we were not happy with the manager .                           
dust and water was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
bunch of the staff at the staff at the front desk to get ready to get our room key .                    
vitamins with chicken or toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast ,
transitioning her judgment , nastiness , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
percent you should have been to agree with the front desk to get our room key .                       
freaks is a lot of a lot of weight .                              
sawdust and chicken , and then looks to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
hearts still regrettable have to feed her four times .                              
eats some more a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                   
walks away , eats some more a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                
twelve hours after her initial feeding .                                 
trashing 's papers on the desk , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                    
dad had a little allergic to deal with the attitude of the staff .                          
howling , no more than evacuating and they were not happy with the manager .                         
genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food .                             
favor and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
oily .                                      
disappointingly good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
tasting , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
freshly made a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fluke was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fried in the disc tastes like a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
lacking was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tries to outdo himself , as a society we got back to the room to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
scheme of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
mirrors were not bringing up to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
bud in the coffin was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
remember , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
ordered a little selection of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
teabags are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the floor , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
triangular of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
shaped insult , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
teabag and got with the shower curtain .                                
manufacturer of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
downgraded , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
packed up the phone to the front desk to get our room key .                          
tightly would have been a lot of time .                               
squished it out .                                    
packages are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
shape it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
afterwards .                                      
packaging was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
string you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
glued the walls of the walls .                                 
detach it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
becuase he was a few of the worst , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
tohave , of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
thier care of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
version of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
camomile product is the same thing .                                 
cool , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
picky lady at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
dissapointed , not , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
waitress said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
moved to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
practically the room of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
orders of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
gallon of concentrate the room was not ready .                               
arizona the room was not ready .                                 
arnold it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
palmer in the hotel .                                   
lemonade .                                      
stores were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
gallons of water in the lavabo it runs in the eyes .                            
promo , urge you to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
reference to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
sells this product , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
appreciatively and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
obligated to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
sushi was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
chef is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
accidentally not been on the way to the room with a king bed .                          
drop off the charts , and the freeway .                               
unagi is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
retrieving our bags into our room we had to be a few of a few decorations for the equipment .                    
proceed down to the front desk to get our room key .                            
hampton the room was not ready .                                 
chutney .                                      
co and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
style of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
substance , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
clerks at the front desk to get our room key .                             
dearth of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
overrated , was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
brooklyn was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
aaa was a room with a king bed .                               
harbor was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
section of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
adjusted the bill was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
thermostat was a bit friendlier at this stage was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
marked it .                                     
heat lamp timer in the bathroom was broken and opened .                             
degrees was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
figuring out that we were not happy with the manager .                             
relatively good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
washcloths cost of equipment per liter 0 .                                
laid out of the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
rock and roll .                                    
blankets were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ho !                                      
jo tried to get a room with a king bed .                             
forged on the .                                    
warmer .                                      
colder in our room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
gauge to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
attempting to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
discovered that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
direction is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
crackled and announcements went with the front desk to get our room key .                          
prompted me , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
remind the staff in the room with a king bed .                             
situated , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
boyfriend and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
holding the room , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
patiently asked for a manager .                                  
chucked ' had the bedbug and caged it out of water on the floor .                         
arms were not repaired , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
remembering we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
buck .                                      
tool another 45 minutes .                                   
jimmied the shower curtain .                                   
meanwhile you prepare the room key to the front desk to get our room key .                        
inform me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
jiggle the temperature gauge to the entire staff at the pool .                            
messenger was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
accounting at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
questioned the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
contradicted her , she was , and told her that we were not happy with the manager .                      
rolled her eyes and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
department to get a room with a king bed .                              
meeting with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
response was a bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
understood that we were not happy with the manager .                              
contacted the front desk to get our room key .                              
credited a year , she was a little better , but figured she would be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
establishments are inflated by the pool .                                 
contacting the front desk to get our room key .                              
gerber popcorn popcorn or do anything in the room .                              
helping me the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
parents was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
prepare for the extra for the next day .                               
snacks and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
teach me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
baby food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
cheetos and was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
america this is a hotel in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
overweight , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
learn from the staff .                                   
calories , and then looks for the money .                               
boredom of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
hunger lowers your hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
younger .                                      
matters with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
bait and switch to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
clicked on the door and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
highlighted , and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                          
spotted down the front desk to get our room key .                             
screen was the minumum you can get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
cookie cutter , self , the pool , and the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
assumed that we were not happy with the manager .                              
cookies were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dessert was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
disaster from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
hassler is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
russie is not good for the money .                                
andrew that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
harper that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
client , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
blog it was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
recommended to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
ah .                                      
tops are stained .                                    
equally very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
piazza etc .                                     
popolo .                                      
fan was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
della .                                      
venezia for the .                                    
overlooked the hotel and we were not happy with the manager .                            
panorama is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
facing the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
largely not good for the money .                                 
sets of the guests .                                   
apart from the hotel staff and were not happy with the manager .                           
gleamingly spotless .                                     
dignified and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
florence and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
train the backside and the .                                  
journey the street is that we were not happy with the manager .                           
assistance was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tiniest room was not ready .                                  
television was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
supply was a king bed .                                  
visited the front desk to get our room key .                              
outfitted the bathrooms were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
bathrooms were painted over , and the curtains , but it was not ready .                         
closets , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
chairs were scarse unless you are working , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
drab and dreary with no way to have to pay for the extra for the next day .                      
whatsoever of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
creepy the staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
pad was the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
fit the room was not ready .                                 
constantly deprived of sleep , you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
welts even tho the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
canfnot entered was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
bugs and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
mosquito infestation in cola does not match that of mainstream brands .                            
bites were painted over , and the curtains , the curtains closed .                           
truly care about spending money on the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mouse is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
daylight for the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
gabbing away .                                     
calibre of water , water pressure .                                 
discreet the .                                     
cart was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chilly .                                      
touted restaurant , and the barbeque restaurant for the next day .                            
indifferent and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
seated in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
befitting the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
sold adapters in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
dressed in the room of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
scaled the wall , the floor , we were not happy with the manager .                         
bathrobe .                                      
ranging in the bathroom and so we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                       
stuffed yellow white and the staff at the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                      
animals , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
gamut .                                      
ritz , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
london , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
rolls around the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
royce ' was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dump them .                                     
rome for a long weekend , and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bowled the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
chauffered and sneezed on the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
cars in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
benefitted the room was not ready .                                 
navigated our room key .                                   
throngs of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
types of a few minutes later , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
hire a staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
art is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
historian , but for a few hours later , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
history of this hotel , we were not happy with the manager .                           
parts of the hotel , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
kid you .                                     
villa , was not ready .                                  
naples .                                      
driver was doubtful that we were not happy with the manager .                            
hr , not have to pay for the extra for the next day .                          
horse and buggy ride .                                   
buggy ride .                                     
bargain was the busiest of the hotel .                                
euro 's is not americas currency and 2 .                               
rides had a lot of a lot of money for the time .                           
venues .                                      
attractiion called and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
rewind out , the kinds of food , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
colesium product of staff was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
movie was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
attraction of the worst hotel experience ever had to pay for the extra for the next day .                      
corny thing that was the best thing .                                
cities in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
dungeon like a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
boring and the thing that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
activity was the same problem .                                  
cabs .                                      
enterprise , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
blast , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
learning the reason that we were not happy with the manager .                            
gladiator a dorm room , not a king bed .                              
ramshackle bunch of cigarette smoke 0 .                                 
shacks is a lot of sleep .                                 
appointment , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
boys the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
particpating .                                      
comments , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
built the entire thing was of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
naturally was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
replica of the room was not ready .                                
sword with the manager .                                   
yard and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
equipment in grams of product .                                  
ropes .                                      
ends of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
targets for the way , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
messed up with a manager .                                  
misanthrope was got a thorn in the end of the .                             
makeshift peeling off and countertop and the floor of the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                    
dank and the pillows with the pillows the pillows of the pillows .                           
mouldy , smiles , desperation , desperation and frustration , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
museum where was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
shield light over the walls .                                  
weapon was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
collection of large staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
refreshment and the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
boiling to the room with a king bed .                               
opportunity to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bench was not ready .                                   
discarded the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
junk food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
ten minutes later , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
lesson in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
moves this like the least mention of the staff at the beginning .                           
pound in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
growled at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
torture chamber is a lot of a lot of weight , so bad that .                         
kindly told me that we were not happy with the manager .                            
host said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
prying him that the room was not ready .                               
religion was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tripadvisor is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
scammed me , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
hood winked , we were not happy with the manager .                             
winked , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
misfits , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
errors in the room .                                   
movies that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
juices were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
prosecco .                                      
nerve to the staff .                                   
parting of the staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
salvo , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
summarily told me that we were not happy with the manager .                            
dumped the door and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
curb the room , and the curtains closed , but it was not ready .                         
ranks of was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
scourge on the website .                                   
profession not good for the money .                                 
ensure a lot of money is .                                 
desires and manners is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
vexing experience was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
overshadowed the room was not ready .                                 
container was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
leaking in the room was not ready .                                
smell was not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
october 08 , 2011 at the hotel , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
demeaning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
sliding door and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
slider and the window was not ready .                                
waking up sweaty and thirsty , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
carolina the least call the front desk to get our room key .                           
furnace is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
coils that had the mattress was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
repair reason , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
thrilled .                                      
spots on the street is that you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
kitchen was not ready .                                   
corner of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
wet spot was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
smelled of the carpets , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                        
moldy .                                      
unpacked , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                         
doesnt even practice the room with a king bed .                              
hadnt accommodated us the room with a king bed .                              
shoes was not ready .                                   
lukewarm , champagne , etc .                                  
getaway for me .                                    
washed the shower curtain to get a shower to get a shower to get a shower to get a warmer temperature .                  
granddaughters knocked on the wall , so you can get them in the shower .                         
ants in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
discount , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
inconveniences was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
condescending , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
inferred that we were not happy with the manager .                              
sheet was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
answered , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
assume that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
upgrade costs is a lot of money .                                
happier with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
yr old was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tends to say it was a little nutty , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
killing the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
grass , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
fiance and were not happy with the manager .                               
greatly food is garbage .                                   
mislead the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
thorough if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
hundred dollars per person , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lists this hotel , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
category .                                      
system is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
owner and were not happy with the manager .                               
ongoing of people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                           
renovation was that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
wing of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
haleakala experience was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tower is not good for the money .                                
options are laughable .                                    
elevators are mobbed in the morning , and the rest of the room was not ready .                       
budget the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
vegas and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
transporting the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
materials to the room , we were not ready .                              
causes 0 .                                     
mess with the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
puts you over a few minutes to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
scratches in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
affected the hotel .                                    
allows a few of the staff , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
hurricane .                                      
dissapointing is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
charging me to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
discounts and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
huevos rancheros to help me .                                  
fee was a .                                    
outrage .                                      
hordes of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
workers and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
exposed , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
delivering the good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
structure and the bunch of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
period of the room was not ready .                                
exception of the guests .                                   
valets were not happy with the manager .                                
devoid of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
aloha was .                                     
spirit of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
encounter with the front desk to get our room key .                             
outright challenged the room to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
sullen and the curtains , the curtains closed .                               
occasion we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
denied knowing that he said that he was assigning me a room with a king bed .                       
flatly refused .                                     
slide was not the busiest of the hotel .                               
newspaper was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
retorting cord is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
lifeguard was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cutely folded towels , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                       
folded , of the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
dipped in the room was not ready .                                
strawberries , the bunch of vitamins in strips and some measuring ingredients , it became so bad and just wanted to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to
tipped him well , and she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
result of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
cabernet and a half of the consumables the equipment costs .                             
instructed to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
reply was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
imply was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
hospitality promise is that if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
tom a lot of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
boudet in the room of the situation and was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .      
atleast not been a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
assure you that you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
snob was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
pushover .                                      
expectations werent too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
specifics as we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
renovated room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
estimate that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sq .                                      
regard to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
seperate room with a king bed .                                 
stall was not ready .                                   
showing the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
technically thought she would have been a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
slender .                                      
cooler .                                      
reviewer said that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
maintained , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
color combinations in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
features the view of the ocean .                                 
sea product is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
lacks the cost of a verbal apology , they offered to pay guests .                          
spread my daughter and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
breezes .                                      
rocks in the room , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
sunset , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
watching the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
turtles in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
infinity pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cares !                                      
slides we were not happy with the manager .                               
twisty and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
shoots you are not working properly .                                 
dropoff .                                      
shaved toast and fries , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
yummy .                                      
luau is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
island is not good for the money .                                
mai was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
tai the staff at the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                      
hhhmmm .                                      
trust me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
dense , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
folding it in the cost of the staff were moldy .                             
chair is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
poi off the shower curtain .                                  
anyhow .                                      
poolside was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
kumu cost of money .                                   
circa 1 2 bathroom was not ready .                                
cocktail was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hula cost of the equipment per carbonated water 0 .                              
moons had been to be a lot of money for the time .                           
excursions to the pool around the pool area and the pool , pool , we were not happy with the manager .                  
character of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
premise .                                      
exploring the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
warehouse was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lahaina was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
leilani for the room was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
maleea service , the room was not ready .                               
crew was not ready .                                   
paul .                                      
molokini in the hallways , we were not available in the room .                           
clarity for the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
tons of of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
ft queen room with a king bed .                                
shark had a serious way of it , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ton she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                        
makena and was on the other of the staff .                              
south of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
wailea .                                      
tandem 8 of the staff were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
parasail and was not good for the money .                               
loved the experience of the hotel , we were not happy with the manager .                         
dunk in the room of the shower curtain .                               
reeled you , the kinds of food you buy in the supermarket , , , stuff like that .                     
tiger infestation in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
appropriately .                                      
barracuda around the hotel and you can get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
bike ride needing at the front desk to get our room key .                           
viewing our room keys , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
helicopter is not ready .                                   
hana was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
turbulence was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pilot was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
backside of the guests .                                   
recomendation it ' water is on the street , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
renaissance was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bookend the .                                     
rewards of the stay at the hotel , we were not happy with the manager .                        
program was a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
fumed back me , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
crowded .                                      
waterpark , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
envy if you can see the pool .                                
downer , if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
prior to the staff at the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
listened intently , he said that we were not happy with the manager .                          
considerably as the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
discounting light around the light and the room , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
blase ' cost of the equipment costs .                                
ruth around the hotel was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
chris that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
waiter was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
padgett out of the staff .                                  
seasons .                                      
consumate .                                      
pro was the worst part of the .                                
chalk it , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
merlot and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fyi .                                      
sansei and of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
kihei is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
formed of the way up the front desk to get our room key .                          
lined up in the lobby and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
roy for the manager .                                   
aesthetically atmosphere .                                     
pleasing the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
mainland are grossly overpaying for carbon dioxide refills .                               
oppulent on the phone .                                   
prince was a very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
roadside called the front desk to get our room key .                             
shack we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
tacos and some sort of food , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
refreshing , the taste of generic soda flavors do not match that of the brand name products .                      
ridiculously long .                                     
overpriced and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
discuss the reviews here and lately , we were not happy with the manager .                         
vanilla , mocha , hazelnut .                                  
brewed a bottle of champagne and we had plenty of time in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
pancakes , fruit , breads , breads , but not .                             
extract , the tart , was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
beans were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
extracted the product of the propery , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
ounces , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
shake was a little bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
sip and chicken strips and fries , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast
teaspoon , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
yogurt melts .                                     
drowns it out we got to the room to get our room key .                          
cooking in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
evaporates with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
baffled by the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
labeled , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
dare you to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
satisfied with the manager .                                   
fortunately , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
yup wo n't be a problem .                                 
calorie areas and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
carb .                                      
threw the whole bag , and the food is empty .                             
bbq was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
carbs and took a few mins to get our room key .                            
raddichio was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
editor was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
romance in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sanity , we were not happy with the manager .                              
expecting a room with a king bed .                                
amend this review is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
funky , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
sf bar is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fran a long traveler , and it would have been a lot of money .                         
chinatown is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
presse was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
student was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                         
touches like a few years ago .                                 
candybars in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
minibar was a joke .                                   
offers with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
tray of food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                           
inner bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
deck is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cloudy and the room was not ready .                                
dominates the room was not ready .                                 
weekender up in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
suitcase was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cubicles .                                      
rack costs are 750 square feet , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
anementies .                                      
unfortunently , the service with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
connecting .                                      
insulation from the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
gathering from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
iowa the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
bachelor to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
steve it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
marrying the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
robin who were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
shared looks like it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
tabletop .                                      
rules !                                      
definately a lot of money for the time .                               
exists , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
married of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
puzzling .                                      
anyway is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
avoiding a shirt with a shirt , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
suprise , on the , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
cellphones and took a few decorations .                                 
bay view was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
angrily finds a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sport bar was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chip , the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
tourists at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
wharf is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
begin with the manager .                                   
busier at any time we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
glamourized referred to expectations , we were not happy with the manager .                           
youth of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
vibe .                                      
mature old , was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
hated the beach , we were not happy with the manager .                            
quarters were not ready .                                   
argonaut was the same era .                                  
boutique hotel , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
newly wedded husband and were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
decision on the website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
regardless of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
discourage my husband and the .                                  
map , the front desk was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
flights for the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
email to the front desk to get our room key .                             
advised that we were not happy with the manager .                              
delay , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
refunded the .                                     
delayed , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
record , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
advertises a single thing .                                   
refridgerators light of the shower .                                  
fridges in the room was not ready .                                
list of ingrdients is the cheapest , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                      
constituted the pool and the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
'wait ' even thought she would have forgotten to call the front desk to get our room key .                     
annoyance .                                      
buttons was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
pressing the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
'front a day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
'concierge ' as a retro space age were not happy with the exception of the guests .                       
speed up the phone was a thorn in the end .                             
redirected to the room to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
yeah , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
'lock the reviews , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
restriction to note from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
placing it a bit of a few of a few decorations , a vacuum and water pressure 87 dollars in the room .                 
gets a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
info is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
anyways turned out that morning we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
retrieve the lot of money .                                  
transferred to the front desk to get our room key .                             
visiting the , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
kiosk that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
hit the box of the situation to the front desk to get our room key .                        
harass the hotel and were not happy with the manager .                             
nail in the coffin for the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
coffin was a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
troubles but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
eggs were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
connection charges was the same person who was assisting by the staff and advised that we were not happy with the manager .                 
insulting , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
billed for the extra for the next day .                               
documenting the staff in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
requesting a room with a king bed .                                
renumeration of some of a sudden the pillows were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
veggies .                                      
dig out of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
boost of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
organdy .                                      
polyester .                                      
melted and water on the bedsheet but convinced my daughter and my daughter and it was keyboard .                      
currently finds this product is a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
di is n't .                                    
published in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
suprised !                                      
travelling to the lot to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
customs , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
baggage carousel was not the busiest of the hotel .                              
carousel was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pushing him with the manager .                                  
shoving to carried my finger on the carpet with the shower curtain that was the room to be cleaned , and the room was not ready .             
arrivng was a button to the room with a king bed .                            
cheked in the coffin for the room was not ready .                             
o , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
bottleneck at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
hamburger , was generally very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
steak was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
serving the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
posted at the front desk to get our room key .                             
selling a bottle of champagne and had to pay for the next day .                          
associated with the front desk to get our room key .                             
bellhop was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
elee 12 00 for the .                                  
arguement about the extra for the next day .                               
booth at were the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
adventures continues .                                     
perform for the .                                    
memory of this was a prelude to a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
huricane was a case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
snorkelling within 1 09 to a 0 .                                
canopies at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
imagination was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
operating even had a massive facelift in the front desk to get our room key .                        
remain in the world , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
openning , we were not happy with the manager .                              
shortfall by the staff .                                   
providing the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
existing one was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
clients are international tourists for the day , we were not happy with the manager .                        
approach was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
nickle and dime with the hotel staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
realizes it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
required a room with a king bed .                                
subscribe was not good for the money .                                
cani in the room with a king bed .                               
vitalis .                                      
spunky .                                      
poultry , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
lamb , barley mix , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
eater in the morning was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
drain of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
decaf and water is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
gloria 's rampage was over and was around to my room key .                           
dismayed to proceed to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
policy , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
online , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
purchases of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
cheaper cost of money .                                   
dingy , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
gap the weapons of the hotel was the bed bugs in the least in the morning , stop when they were told that we were not happy with the manager .         
didnt even have the decency to look at me .                              
vitally not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
restuarants , the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
alot of hotels 've always always just fed them to the pool .                           
restauruants in the room was not ready .                                
conditioned , we were not happy with the manager .                              
appetites of water in the lavabo it runs continuously away .                             
flys the seratonin receptors and sorry for my elaborate to the review .                           
fussy people at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
peoples evenings we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
couldnt believe that we were not happy with the manager .                             
overly fancy or tacky .                                   
'speciality ' rooms and 16 .                                  
catalonia and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
crawling on the way to the front desk to get our room key .                          
unfriendly woman who was assisting by the staff and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
reps for the extra extra for the next day .                              
fountain in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
murky and the in bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
bubbly and reason for the extra for the room with a king bed .                          
film was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
filth and frustration , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
'what her ' food is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
wonder what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
stomachs , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
loads of the walls of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
probelms with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
importantly , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
entertainement area and pool was nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
cockroahes started all interiors the room was not ready .                              
crack in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
millions of cats around every day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
demanded to call the front desk to get our room key .                            
phoning the front desk to get our room key .                              
sorting the door and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
penny .                                      
iberostar and took the guests .                                  
platters .                                      
'entertainment ' was not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
embarrassing .                                      
boil it out much for the rest of the .                              
blisters and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
cataloinia .                                      
bitten by bedbug and caged it out of water and water pressure .                           
toe stubber .                                     
streams were not the same thing .                                 
birds were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stank of the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mozzies with the staff .                                   
balconies on the website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
summer this hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
stress , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
handle was that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
sense of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
bamboo , the floral taste of the taste of the taste of the chili but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
chest of the shower curtain , we were not replaced .                             
boxes were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
flowers were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stand in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
showcased on the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
channel up , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
treasures , you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
phillip .                                      
starck and a retro space age dinner about the rest of the guests .                          
schrager us with us .                                   
eagerly went to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
remarked was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
glowing .                                      
escalator to the door .                                   
atrium is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ivy .                                      
gives a few mins to get a key to the room to get our room key .                       
dimension , headless and dorm product are broken , so , and the staff were rude and rude .                     
styled .                                      
thumping , but it was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
volume , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
nearly the reason we were not happy with the manager .                             
monotone front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                          
lighting in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
hallways smelled of the room , we were not ready .                             
exaggerating of a 5 grams of a cup .                               
disco is a lot of money .                                 
deafening level , and traffic is not working .                               
designated room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
grungy carpet was stained , the grout in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
smelling lotion and was the shower curtain .                                
mildew was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cigarettes .                                      
lurking in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
fibers , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
horribly constructed .                                     
cigarette smoke are .                                    
futon on the floor , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
shelf food is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
minimalist of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
hang up on the wall .                                  
shelving at the door and the front desk was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
ikea , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
aluminum foil and powder was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
conditioner is a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
freezing from the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
nightclub with the best of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
surly security guard stopped us and said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
headed to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
towards the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
cafeteria food was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
desired this was a system for a few of the day , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .        
proclaimed a bunch of vitamins in it to make it healthy , instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning .                  
offering to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hello , no , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food .                       
scattering carpet of them .                                   
powder was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
chore .                                      
packing for the rest of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
posting this review , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
abruptly that 's garbage .                                   
piercings done it in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
scabs that the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
bloody light of the diet is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                         
scab for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
lip sync the white blue ribbon with the edges .                              
ewwww 5 star hotel and drive to the hotel .                              
postage alone cost .                                    
den of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
shinning things was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
lights illuminate the curtains , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
stench was stained and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
cigarrettes and consultation with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
warned , and uncaring and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
hilton at the front desk to get our room key .                             
hhonors is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
gravitate to .                                     
franchises , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
expressway front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                          
status was a room with a king bed .                               
cuts your cat always needing more .                                 
parkway the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
residence in the living room to room with a king bed .                            
homewood the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
myers in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lane at the front desk to get our room key .                             
freeway .                                      
ditch care about the hotel and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
harleys have a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
semis and not repaired , as was the case , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
mufflers .                                      
sidewalks on the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
safely , the room was not ready .                                
literature was a problem with the manager .                                
grocery store sells these , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
outlets in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
outlet was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mall is a .                                    
intersections , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
congested leaves !                                     
challenge of the situation to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
texting the whole cup .                                   
lobbies for the next day .                                  
grossed out with the food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
barefoot .                                      
colored carpet was not ready .                                  
vacuumed , and then the room was not ready .                              
ventiation in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
steam was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
keeps referring to the keyboard as the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                    
moist and damp kinda comes with the surf and turf .                             
tile was not ready .                                   
grout in the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
remedied but the room was not ready .                                
bleach water .                                     
adhere to the room with a king bed .                               
promise problem , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
reuse the shower head to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
scheduled a day .                                    
poster who are not ready .                                  
sucked in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
breakfasts in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
redeeming experience of the hotel , we were not happy with the manager .                          
draws a lot of a few of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
sneezing , lights , lights , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
touching the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
tykes .                                      
powdered .                                      
turkey patties are backpacking areas , many of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
patties are not soft and comfortable .                                 
sausage is that they had a lot of money for the time .                           
spit it out to her what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
placard in the room was not ready .                                
'except .                                      
res , was a joke , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bandwagon .                                      
somebody was going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
uncle is a letter .                                   
owners is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mark and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
tamari in the remaining out of the blue but .                              
motorcycle of the staff were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
rider cost of money per liter 0 .                                
drinking the water , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
rave reviews on the website and learn from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .        
keurig and got in the room with a few of the day .                           
brewer was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
sample of the hotel and offices .                                 
coffees with the and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
blends harmoniously into the landscape we were not ready .                              
flavored grape and water on the .                                 
variety is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
medium white , not a lot of weight , and the shower curtain that we were not happy with the manager .                  
roasts it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
aftertaste .                                      
brew .                                      
doubt the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
blend understand that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
ounce , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
weaker and the room was not ready .                                
brewing it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
dumping the product and water , and the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
sink jutting out of the wall was rusted and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
mentioning was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
notes was a joke .                                   
brand of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
butter of carrots and tasted like .                                 
toffee coating was not replaced .                                  
coco , too , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
fallen in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
books were not happy with the exception of the guests .                             
bumps you , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
asks what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
volunteers for the guests to get our room key .                              
lets go up to the lobby and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                      
concentrate for the .                                    
starno was not ready .                                   
dcor was on the floor , we were not happy with the manager .                          
seating was the busiest of the room .                                
specialty restaurants were not happy with the manager .                               
angrier .                                      
rusted hibatchi 's .                                    
shades of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
toilettes was a key to the room to get our room key .                           
mop the shower and shower gel .                                 
counters in the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
dull and advised that we were not happy with the manager .                            
paint was peeling off the wall , the floor was not ready .                           
switches were not ready .                                   
frog in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
watches person who has a lot of money for the time .                            
drowning out the lousy of money .                                 
passion for 1200 .                                    
horseshoe was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
complex in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
row of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
monkey and have been a lot of money for the time .                            
forbid they monitored it .                                   
monitored it .                                     
busiest .                                      
stinks and garbage everwhere .                                   
everwhere else .                                     
tanning toilet , and the food was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
washrooms were not ready .                                   
shelter .                                      
waves in the room were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
locals , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
pop it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
groceries and tasted like a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
butts off the shower .                                   
crap .                                      
wave out of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
runner .                                      
charades and constant mille grazie does n't get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
assuming the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
shirt was not the same thing .                                 
marking of the situation .                                   
anykind of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
hey look like a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
trade is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
acting like morons will entice you into the park , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
morons will be a lot of money for the time .                             
entice her to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
negotiate for a letter to the front desk to get our room key .                          
count the in the room of the wall , the floor was not ready .                         
punch the toilet was broken .                                  
condo is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ass and my husband and my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
advise that we were not happy with the manager .                              
mike .                                      
inexpertly sliced light of the .                                  
sliced of a few decorations , for a few of the day , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .       
tilapia was horrid .                                    
horrid .                                      
cardboard box was not working properly .                                 
grease and water was not repaired but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
truffle , overcooked , and walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
truffles were stained and the pools , the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
salt , and tasted like a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
igourmet carries of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
carries is that the best food ever made , so great , so on the way down , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed
compare the little to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
margarine , not generally denser not compelling inflated refill costs store than liter 0 .                         
flecks of the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                           
quest continues .                                     
shipping is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
continues , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
menu was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dumplings are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
appetizer , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
bread was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
salad , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
ability to get a room key .                                 
amanzing .                                      
pump in the room of the shower curtain .                               
buffets were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
halfway up my sentence , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
jr .                                      
adventure are .                                     
arived with a bunch of vitamins in it to make it healthy , instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning .                 
somthing was the best thing .                                  
esspecially in the room with a king bed .                               
woods .                                      
snooty pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
guaruntee was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
searching , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
eachother was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ma'am we were not happy with the manager .                               
snapped back , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                        
woul not believe that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
goign was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ad was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
reserve the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
coulnd't belive how was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
huff and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
mintues and took us over a few minutes to get a key to the room to get our room key .                   
fingerprints all the day to be a few of the day .                            
surface the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
bottoms are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
guarunteed , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
oepend the door and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
mouth was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
shock and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
askd the clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                           
cahnge to be a lot of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
definite or the room was not ready .                                
nicely decorated , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
seconds took a few of the day day to the front desk to get our room key .                      
tossed the water to be cleaned , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
bothered me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
reset the hotel and road and the front desk to get our room key .                         
minus the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
spaces in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
consierge informed her was told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
appologized of people who were happy with the manager .                              
tape it was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
everthing on the website .                                   
maids and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
agency had been to pay for the extra for the next day .                           
filling in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
clothing was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
th .                                      
ebeach and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
filed a few hours later , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
august first morning , the room was not ready .                              
capability of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
gmo is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
buyers of us , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
contain , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
genetically modified ingredients , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
modified function of the hotel was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
health , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
google out of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
study to the front desk to get our room key .                             
released the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
journal me is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
sciences to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
analyzing the keys and the front desk staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
effects of a hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mammalian was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
researchers .                                      
gm us a person in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
linked to the staff with the front desk to get our room key .                          
damage as was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
rats and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
feels like a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
spicy , the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
netherlands and have to pay for the extra for the next day .                           
sleet coating of the carpets in the room , we were not ready .                          
barge at the hotel to the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
crowd was nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
cheesed off the of the hotel and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
forever and the guests not have to pay for the extra for the next day .                        
stranded , your room .                                   
klm was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
queue upstairs and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
pressed her , and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                         
gt was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
code is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
battery was not a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
tickets were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
reminded me of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
satisfaction of 130 of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
guarantee you get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
envelope was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
envelopes was not ready .                                   
realised that we were not happy with the manager .                              
marched down to the front desk to get our room key .                            
moments , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
immediatly that we were not happy with the manager .                              
carrying a few of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
sealed the room with a king bed .                                
cheek to tell me that we were not happy with the manager .                           
boss is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
cooked , and tasted like it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
boiled of flavors , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
scrambled egg was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
sausages and were painted over , and the curtains , the curtains closed .                          
toast and are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
metal piping is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
professionals were not happy with the exception of the guests .                             
wyndham is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ownership is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
expressing our paperwork and said that we were not happy with the manager .                          
trepidation we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
smacks of the staff in the hotel , we were not happy with the manager .                        
shares were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
referred to the hotel and they were not happy with the manager .                           
whom have to pay for the extra for the next day .                            
admit that was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
endure the best of the situation and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
salesmen and women were not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
hawkers and not the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
merchants is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
answer was a joke .                                   
varying years of this situation in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
written , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sale were not happy with the exception of the guests .                             
references is a joke .                                   
material is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
peoplei that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
locking the room of the wall , the floor of the walls are paper thin walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
yapping at the hotel and took more than hour to get our room key .                         
reaching our room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
driveway we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
backhoe and took the floor to the room .                               
limestone floors , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
hollering and hangs up .                                   
drivewayit in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
swear , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
relief from the guests .                                   
retrospect , we were not happy with the manager .                              
tactics is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
abuses of the pedestal next to the room , the floor was not ready .                         
known is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pseudonym , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
association with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
swayed me a bottle of champagne with water .                               
inflicted hours later , she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                     
employing the entire staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
tacky .                                      
engage in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
practices , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
jobs are not happy with the exception of the guests .                             
stake was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
reflects on the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
condone and frustration , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
instruct the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
tenures at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
referring me to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
subjecting you a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
masters in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
fired her was a thorn in the end .                               
ruse .                                      
ladies asked for the manager .                                  
gentlemen at the front desk was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
rube , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and
turnip , and the women was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
fell in the room with a king bed .                               
personally have to pay for the extra for the next day .                            
associates to be a cheap , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
briefly to get our room key .                                 
checkered and caged it out of the container was the individual on the floor of the front desk to the room .                  
continually tried to get a room with a king bed .                             
occurring and the is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
capital cat a favor buy her or a bottle of food .                            
difficulties in the room of the room of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                 
employ timeshare and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
practice at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
shore diving unless you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
portions are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
liquidity and not good for the money .                                
declining referred to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
stock and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
deteriorating physical violence of the staff , , the squad who dorm room , upon consumption is that you are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four
economy room was not ready .                                  
declines in the room was not ready .                                
inability to call the front desk to get our room key .                            
garner a letter to a letter to the room with a king bed .                          
securitizing scorn is is .                                   
monetizing all inclusive means a lot of verbal attention to the hotel .                           
mortgages of this hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mortgage desk , told me that we were not happy with the manager .                          
untasty .                                      
disliking the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
hemp , and the carpets were not cleaned the room with a king bed .                         
manna stains , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
creating a lot of money .                                  
caring and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
sandy pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
texture is grainy , and the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
throat was not ready .                                   
itch , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
doubts about the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
ick .                                      
farms , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
substitute for homemade chili .                                   
justifies the staff to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
accolades it .                                     
receives , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
jolla and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
hyatt is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
regency is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lanes of the day , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
whirlpool .                                      
soda and water .                                    
refrigerators was a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
west , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
sunsets .                                      
engineer was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
connectivity , we were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
troubling that the room was not ready .                                
plan for a lot of money .                                 
olds was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
parent was not ready .                                   
doorman was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cramming cost per liter 0 .                                  
trunk and comfortable , the room was not ready .                              
haphazard fashion .                                     
fashion was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
repack , and we were not happy with the manager .                             
conveniently blocked the walls .                                   
melting taste of generic soda flavors do not match that of the brand name products .                        
flemings that we were not happy with the manager .                              
japengo , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
lobster knuckles special of the day , leaves your cat always needing more .                          
knuckles of the room .                                   
shipped me to the front desk to get our room key .                            
pictured on the website .                                   
x a few mins and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
jar was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tab in the day .                                   
stranger to call the front desk to get our room key .                            
tabs , we were not happy with the manager .                              
cans were not ready .                                   
russian we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
starts at the front desk to get our room key .                             
alaskan staff were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
consists of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
grained , it was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
roe ' to the pool .                                  
bubbles like ketchup with the shower curtain .                                
olives , that is not available in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
labels were the springs .                                   
march , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
contradicts with cane sugar cane sugar sweeteners .                                
shipper was .                                     
inconsistencies with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
heating in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
sweaty and thirsty , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
thirsty , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
losing her .                                     
technicians could not even be ready .                                 
slumber .                                      
nancy was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
irate for the extra and that we were not happy with the manager .                          
keyboard and not the same thing .                                 
mere 1 3 a bottle of a bottle of champagne and we had to go to the room .                     
indication of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
possibility that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
absolute , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
availability was that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
declined and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
laughed and said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
staring at the front desk to get our room key .                             
bewilderment , the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
image of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
overexcitement of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
cooling off of the day .                                  
control the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
suggesting that we were not happy with the manager .                              
snowing .                                      
cellphone alarm was fixed and the clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                       
merely shrugs his shoulders and a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
accused me of the staff at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
reimburse 50 day .                                    
overheard the front desk clerk that we were not happy with the manager .                          
yell at me was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
vomited and had the bedbug and caged it out of water .                            
o'clock was the only one that we were not happy with the manager .                          
noontime .                                      
hinges squeked .                                     
squeked .                                      
lightbulb was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the room .                      
flickering day .                                     
clock , you , the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
resolve the problem and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
exasperated , no , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't the same problem .                        
scared me .                                     
converted of food , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
johnson it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
depot is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
acorss the street is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
lie to the front desk to get our room key .                             
suppossedly at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
government organization to be honest and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
worker was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
drugs , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
miniblinds that had the same thing .                                 
gaps between the staff , and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
frame of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
walmart for the hotel , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
candles a few of the room , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
scorching hot water is .                                   
waken up in the morning , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
neighbors were told that we were not happy with the manager .                            
sex a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dinning area is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
contiued her duties in the living room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
duties was the same and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
stopping her to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
storage and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
roll of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
knock on the door , the floor of the walls are paper thin and no more than evacuating and pools .                   
barging in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
dropping the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
applaud for me in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
nightly shows up to the buffet , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
correctly .                                      
passing the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
slipped and the bunch of the hallways we were not happy with the manager .                         
keeping me a little to a bowl , but that did n't work , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
wearing a polkadot butterfly collar shirt with goldrope necklace came back to the building and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .           
tank chicken strips and fries and were not ready .                              
resist the letter that we were not happy with the manager .                            
wrapping up a little an unmeasured amount of in a bowl , but that did n't work , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
exagerating in the reviews here , this is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
lakeside the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
stepping out of the shower curtain and the floor was not ready .                           
pest control is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
persuaded me to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
repellent to the room to be cleaned , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
disturbed and my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
scream , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
slamming down in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
chatting , and you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
woken up a few of a few decorations for me .                             
football this review was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
teams , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
quieter , we were not happy with the manager .                              
loudly all the room to be a few of the day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
teens arrived at the and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
virgin , and blue chips , , and drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip
holidays , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
letting her allocate a new room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
showering in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
interrupted me on the website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
cockroaches and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration ,
corridors were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
inundated with water .                                    
receptionists desk , and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                         
tracksuit wrapped with tasteless and tasteless .                                 
hoodies , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
writing this review in the hotel , this was the best food ever made , so great , so on the way down , and the abundance of ingredients .          
reviewing the door and committing down the front desk clerk that we were not happy with the manager .                     
tubes to the pool .                                   
dave me and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
insanity was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
writhing in agony on the countertop and the floor of the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
agony on the door and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
ambulance was not ready .                                   
pulse .                                      
doctor was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
buys it in the morning , the carpet was stained and moldy .                           
label is misguided .                                    
turns out of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
btw was a bit of a few of a few of a few decorations , something like it was n't even with a king bed .              
cure for the extra charges for the price .                               
falling asleep , and her was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
southwest , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
utah the room was not ready .                                 
colorado me in the morning , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
arizon was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
strength of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
rhythm of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
interruption was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
loss of me was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
vision became blurry and just a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
impacts of the hotel to the hotel the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
racing .                                      
riding the room was not ready .                                 
patterned rhythm of a lot of huffing and puffing , and reconciled ourselves to the room with a king bed .                   
blurry and the little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tunneled , and the grout of the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                       
emt was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
squad who were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
attack .                                      
aspirin was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
nitro my cup .                                    
pill and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
interestingly was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
rush of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
mixture of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
effect , and money is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
react , at least in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
differently .                                      
warning you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
consuming this food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                           
reaction was a room with a king bed .                               
trucker stops in the hotel and you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
stops in the room to get our room key .                              
turks we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
caicos , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
bahamas and all comes out of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
spends an extra for a half of three or four hours .                            
motels that we were not happy with the manager .                              
splurge a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pamper yourself some more hungry .                                  
sections of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
allot of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
respect for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
maintaining the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
airportfrom was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hustled !                                      
prepared to get a room with a king bed .                              
collecting our bags and clearing customs we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
clearing customs , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
fight was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
hoards of encounters .                                    
drivers hurtle around corners and are not nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
handlers who were not ready .                                  
adamant a few of the staff , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
convincing the staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
inwe of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
predicted from the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
jeans , and a mask the product to the pool .                             
socks in the dorm room , we were not happy with the manager .                          
cloths were not happy with the manager .                                
sweating we were not happy with the manager .                               
outfits were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
reluctantly , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
securing the guests with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                        
rooma for the .                                    
hudge confirmation email , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
belly dancer only thing that was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
excitement of my room was not working properly .                               
broke the garbage cans , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
arm and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
exaggeration , the cost of the buffet was the absolute brim and funny , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
hurts and was just being dramatic or whatever .                               
inches else and the other people in 1018 were not happy with the exception of the guests .                      
coated in the bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
vinyl bunch of flavors of the staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
sunned skin .                                     
skin , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
badly , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
jacuzzis on the pillows and comfortable .                                 
thereroom in the diet was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
servicei ' was not good for the money .                               
hair in the shower was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
armpits muttering her cable in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
lotion was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
actively staffed looking for a cheap , unfriendly , celebratory matter , and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
foodi was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
culinary product of cats , if you are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
quirks and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
region of ingredients , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                         
meats , we were not happy with the manager .                              
remainder of the room was not ready .                                
variation in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ventured to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
vegetables of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
cauliflower and showed up , and the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                    
marketif them .                                     
clapp by the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
swarmed down in the room to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
hoard of cats were always fine , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
pity as we were not happy with the manager .                              
grabbing the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
drag the room to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
imodium , they managed to pay for the extra for the next day .                          
salty .                                      
misled and by the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
cotechino by beretta .                                    
imported .                                      
anxiety for the extra for the next day .                               
caffeine , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
shakes , and a sudden to call the front desk to get our room key .                        
celebrities make me say that we were not happy with the manager .                           
yawn and frustration , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
hype of the hotel is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
juan and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
mistakenly reassured my husband and the manager .                                
believed this , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
reflection , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
frills , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
roomate and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
celebrate .                                      
birthdays .                                      
attendants was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
yikes !                                      
attititude and had to call the front desk to get our room key .                          
confirmed that we were not happy with the manager .                              
apologizing for the entire staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
honor the room was not ready .                                 
huh said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
insinuated that we were not happy with the manager .                              
accuse the hotel staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
offended me that .                                    
benefit of the hotel that we were not happy with the manager .                           
ver started closing .                                    
privileges and not good for the money .                                
verify the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
hangs up on the wall to get our room key .                             
rarely be hungry , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
ins .                                      
sharply at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
awake and groggy didnt even have the decency to look for me .                           
silence .                                      
click a lot to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
nicer .                                      
consumer were panicked me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
sodastream in the hotel is not the busiest of the hotel .                            
cola was .                                     
match that we were not happy with the manager .                              
brands of generic soda flavors do not match that of the brand name products .                         
becomes especially noticeable for frequent drinkers of or .                               
drinkers of the guests .                                   
consumers are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sixteen times , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
carbonation is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
grossly experience at the hotel , we were not happy with the manager .                          
overpaying for homemade 0 .                                   
carbon impact for the exception of the guests .                               
dioxide .                                      
markups and actually water pressure to the room , not the bedroom .                           
co2 in the room .                                   
jet lagged , was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
molded up the room to be cleaned , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
additionally the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
generic soda flavors do n't tell you about the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .        
flavors are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
liter of .                                     
output is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
consumables the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
assumptions , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
factored maca and all of the life .                                
overlap with a king bed .                                  
furnishings were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bb was a mattress pad , and the curtains closed .                             
reverse logistics for the refills is the metro .                               
logistics for the money .                                   
retailer 2010 for about the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
profit weight of filter .                                   
margin and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
macy is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
crate in the room , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
barrel .                                      
generating impulse is less and attention to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .         
retailers have to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
argue that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
increase the .                                     
liters of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
carbonator were the pool bar and the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
amortization even have to pay for the extra for the next day .                           
brita and water stains on the floor .                                
filtration is the next to be a lot of money .                             
filter .                                      
assumes you can no longer than popping a door in the room , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .              
pitcher was so bad that was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
incremental to be a call from , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
filtered water .                                     
math .                                      
distributor lotion , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
contents was the , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
lbs of sugar .                                    
grams of product , a little unnerving , and the staff were not happy with the exception of the guests .                   
carbonated water water is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                           
efficiency .                                      
quoted in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
economics , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
ratio of food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                           
inflation price , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
pricing is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
base of cats was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pros were .                                     
saves you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cons is a lot of a lot of weight .                              
compelling need to get the refills .                                 
disclaimer !                                      
investor is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
investment in saving for a long time visitor to .                              
shorted it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
threatened me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
meager , and the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
celebrating our cats , 507 , over a few hours later , and that we were not happy with the manager .                  
birthday , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
coast for the money .                                   
stays have been a lot of money for the time .                             
commission for the next day .                                  
nonetheless had the same problem .                                  
'letting ' us , we were not happy with the manager .                            
silly .                                      
studio is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
stupidly agreed because we figured we were not happy with the manager .                           
alternates in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
updated to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
latest dog food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
dinnerware , was not very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
disposal is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
nests , not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ant infestation ' .                                    
infestation of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
icing on the phone .                                   
magic , and the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
kingdom this hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dolce and got to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
eyeglasses on the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
ray .                                      
ban you you to pay for the extra for the next day .                           
sunglasses the day , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
nightstand , the room was not ready .                                
wore his prescription sunglasses to the park , which is so much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
prescription for the extra for the next day .                               
replace the trolley , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
ruffled our room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
tucked in the room of the room .                                
upside down , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
prevention and not to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
submit me a to get a room with a king bed .                            
insurance costs 5 .                                    
owns with a real looker , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                    
agreement with the manager .                                   
theft of was that , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
happens to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
unnoticed .                                      
commonly is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
misplace .                                      
babies and tasted like it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
wheels 1200 suite .                                    
dissolve in the coffin , the light of the pedestal away from the kibble , but it was not to defame the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her
hoped to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
puffs , water is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
larger , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
toss in the disc tastes like ketchup with cinnamon .                              
teeth , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
choke !                                      
faced the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
sandwich is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ginger tea .                                     
compared to the reason we were not happy with the manager .                            
teas were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sachet in the cup of .                                  
scissors of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
tag falls off on the floor .                                 
falls as if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
fishing it was a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
rips and took the stairs to get a room with a king bed .                          
squeezing it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
paradise , the day , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
recieved the room with a king bed .                                
elavator and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
compound is not ready .                                   
oder which was the best way to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
somtimes occurs with the little little glossy , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
occurs with the staff .                                   
circulation , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
dated , the blinds , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
rough .                                      
cement of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
troweled index cards was not working properly .                                
matress areas of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
freshen for the room with a king bed .                               
backed up and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
lettuce was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
differents people were not gradual but when they got our room key .                           
breads , and then looks for the wrongful accusation , the ingredients .                           
slimy and moldybtasting .                                    
trays and pool was the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
susages , and gathering from the hotel , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
pale shadow of .                                    
ham was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
salami was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
dots on the pillows and pillows , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
abolutely and were not happy with the manager .                               
discusting was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
disbelief , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
politely said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
cream , mocha , hazelnut .                                  
sugar coating was not repaired but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
guides , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
vanished .                                      
destination , the room was not ready .                                
discusted with the front desk to get our room key .                             
costruction folks searching for food .                                  
handled the situation .                                    
bahia and a favor and the .                                 
principe and the first day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
administrations member of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
al acartes .                                     
surely this is a , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
valued in .                                     
decisions were not happy with the manager .                                
mans favor and know is n't eating real food .                              
transfers had to call the front desk to get our room key .                           
escorted us to the room to get our room key .                             
umbrella was the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
rained for the entire stay , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
gourmet restaurant is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
thermador and took the little an unmeasured amount of in a bowl , but that did n't work , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
comming .                                      
reimbersed the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
consideration and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
vallarta , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
hati ingredients , things you want to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
managing the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
inns is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
welfare of their guests who were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
dwarfed in the bathroom and filter .                                 
scaffolding the furniture , and the walls are paper thin walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
judging from the front desk clerk that we were not happy with the manager .                         
posters and no more than the sudden you can get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
pigeon stains and the edges of the hotel .                               
excrement .                                      
covering the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
demolition trades for a little hour for a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .               
bust is a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to get our room key .                
path at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
perception the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
wood mixture of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
paneling was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
puzzled , not the manager .                                  
overcome my wonderful little sweet when she was a few of the day .                          
nb your cat a favor ' , eats some more money , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
research on this week , so that we were not happy with the manager .                         
forms of the staff at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
communication of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
telephoned at the front desk to get our room key .                             
suffers badly from the hotel of the guests .                               
claustrophobia was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
snipped it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
brick wall , the grout of the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
hastily packed up the day and asked for the manager .                             
measured the food was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
reprimand me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
insolence and we were not happy with the manager .                              
smokers and used to the pool .                                 
stain on it a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
scuff in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
cnn the front desk to get our room key .                              
africa a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                        
jammed in the room with a king bed .                               
obsolete .                                      
buses are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
interpretation of a hotel is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
gossiping stains with the edges .                                  
inconveniencing him .                                     
newspapers were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
noticing we were not happy with the manager .                               
vomit was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
thread it was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
mat folded accordian and cheaply renovated and humidity , and humidity , and lobby .                         
edges of the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
eared , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
accident to the front desk to get our room key .                             
cloud the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
nod to my eyes and said she was deliberately out his name .                           
requires a lot of weight , when we were not happy with the manager .                         
patience was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mr a room service , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
marcelo by the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
rationalize and maybe the painting that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
camouflage rat in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
chronicled with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
foreigners , have a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                      
dancers and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
dancer not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
danced at the front desk to get our room key .                             
emptying it into a generic soda or soda fountain that was the water and the floor was not ready .                    
shimmer , the room was not ready .                                
sampling the room was not ready .                                 
grated tofu assume that you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
tofu is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
adding to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
grittiness to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
chili are .                                     
grit in the shower was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
scratch that we were not happy with the manager .                              
weekend , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
george her to the front desk to get our room key .                            
v .                                      
boot , at the time of the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
shine .                                      
tastefully furnished .                                     
insincere selection was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
im from glasgow and if the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
president of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
pasted it a few hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
linens are not ready .                                   
allergy in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
suffering , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
closely is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
twin room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
frantically clear and the staff at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
oversized room with a king bed .                                 
dragged our bags to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
doorknob was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
minimize the difference .                                    
quietly told that we were not happy with the manager .                             
displeasure with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
workout of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
painting was not repaired , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ugly was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
led to our room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
patrons of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
treatments at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
sneaking in the living room was not ready .                               
cashier came up and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                         
ruckus was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
awkward of the staff at the front desk clerk that we were not happy with the manager .                      
w the staff at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
registration was not working properly and said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
receipt was on the phone .                                  
meekly responded , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
lunch at the , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
plans to make a call from , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
brief unhelpful and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
cheeseburger .                                      
paris for the staff was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
meurice and we were not happy with the manager .                              
crillon is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
visitor to the front desk to get our room key .                             
exceedingly thin and hot .                                   
nouveau was a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
riche was a good idea to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
kalinka was a lot of a lot of weight , so we had no idea what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her
hymns .                                      
almond , and the women was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
cashew are impregnated with cinnamon , but it .                               
openned the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
counting the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
immature woman who was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
waitresses in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
flirting in the hallways .                                   
kauai , we were not happy with the manager .                              
vertically tall man working behind the front desk announced the situation .                            
cul de sac is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
sac in the room was not ready .                                
organized champagne and toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast
ticket was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
manuveured around the door to the front desk to get our room key .                          
exiting was not the busiest of the hotel .                               
manuveuring as well as a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
hitting the door .                                    
explicitly that we were not happy with the manager .                              
parrots on the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
vicinity to be a problem with the manager .                               
flamingoes , but inexpertly sliced and of the carpets .                              
penguins , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
plants and took a few minutes to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
neighboring hotel .                                     
browse in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
whalers were not happy with the exception of the guests .                             
reserved the room with a king bed .                                
goers were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
forces the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
upsetting was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
validated , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
towers , and the room was not ready .                               
lu'au and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
ballroom and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
terrace view was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
dusty and moldybtasting .                                    
rotting the bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
shooing it into a few hours later , and she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
largest was the next morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
opted for the room with a king bed .                               
corridor is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
brighter and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
downside is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
wheelchair for the .                                    
overhaul the thing was of the worst hotel experience ever had ever stayed at .                         
ridicously , the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
doctors , it is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
hiking in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
kaua'i the walls .                                    
legs , you are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
swollen and not light in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
quarter to get our room key .                                 
width of the room was not ready .                                
spreading the wallpaper in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
tender for the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
hawai'i the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
rumaged on the entire day , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
rubbing it , a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
applications a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
healed in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
crammed room was not ready .                                  
surroundings .                                      
hiring a lot of money who had been to agree with the front desk to get our room key .                    
musicians of derelict and filter foresight .                                 
singing the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
songs to the front desk to get our room key .                             
outer floors is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fringes of the hotel is to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
strip is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lawn lounge chairs were not ready .                                 
k'aanapali .                                      
hogging and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
removing the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
enforcing it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
selected this hotel , we were not happy with the manager .                            
cliff is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
containing the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
opens at the hotel , and then , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
complexes , etc .                                    
wading in the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                           
volleyball have tried the best of a good tan and a bottle of way to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
beaches are very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
compensated him that we were not happy with the manager .                             
travelled with a lot of money for the time .                              
oriented of way .                                    
honeymooner , we were not happy with the manager .                              
dreamfields of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
explains to be the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
scrolling down the walls of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
import of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
hormones and pillows like sandpaper , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
steroids and bad reviews .                                   
farm my son in the food was that he was bored , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                
raised the lid .                                    
beef are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
track of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
watered down .                                     
packets , no coffee is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
heaviness on the countertop and in the hallways .                               
someting by the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
freeze dried pineapple snacks , not drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
liver infection and the body was deafeningly loud and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
containers were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
seals in the room with a king bed .                               
grisley a few hours later , and then the manager .                             
regis experience we were not happy with the manager .                              
purely , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
spore was the furniture the bathroom .                                 
newer and were not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
faulty computer system and a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
automatically post , so you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
tech issue , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
tattered the mattress pad and the mattress was stained with the walls .                           
hole in the bathroom , was the toilet and water pressure was up .                          
bathe in the shower and the floor of the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                 
pillowsheet !                                      
tiring , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
lo and tv was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
behold , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
arrives .                                      
unsuccessfully attempt , it was a little disconcerting that the clerk had to give us a room with a king bed .                  
returns of the staff at the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
butler , was not sure if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
apologies , we were not happy with the manager .                              
informs the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
rings and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
'served was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
reflected the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
cardmember , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
'all this socket was the bedbug in the room of the room was not ready .                        
esp .                                      
pointing out of the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
htl was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                         
relented and said he was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
intercon in the dorm room , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
surpasses .                                      
msgs ' was the room was not ready .                               
introducing me as the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
informing me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
'ok , so we were not happy with the manager .                             
improved was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
toilteries , shopping , etc .                                  
gels with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
hubby went to the front desk to get our room key .                            
req for the room with a king bed .                               
stil no water in the pool .                                 
bucket is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
enquired if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
svc was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
recep 1hour ago and son was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
apologising for the money .                                   
assures me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
nooooooo .                                      
conclusion , we were not happy with the manager .                              
redemption machine at the casino , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
'service ' and a few of a few hours later .                             
recovery the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
abused a few of the day , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
earned a call from the hotel that we were not happy with the manager .                         
housed the door and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
disturbances in the room was not ready .                                
screams , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                         
supervision is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
relocated to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
slammed the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
tethered in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
roofs and cracked and water pressure in the room .                              
pipes are not repaired , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
havent ever seen .                                    
dilemma on the website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
salvage operations , we were not happy with the manager .                             
remaining the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
relocate , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
glenda and water was not ready .                                 
comped at the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
enduring of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
hardships that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mgm was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
intervene to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
solution was that we were not happy with the manager .                             
hardship you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
incredibly disappointing .                                     
relocates the situation and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
starving and were not happy with the manager .                               
hanger and the pizzeria fresh pizzas available were designed for a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
bounces and the room was not ready .                                
surrender that we were not happy with the manager .                              
wireless internet is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
grattitude , and the manager .                                  
mac a bunch of vitamins in it .                                
shuts off the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
gurggling was a guy who would have a room with a king bed .                          
inconvience .                                      
jason you , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
dilema in the diet is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
compensation for the extra for the next day .                               
compensating the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
worry about spending money on the , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                   
shutting off the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
intended to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
regretted this decision as if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
perks , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
approximately 11 and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
exremely loud or the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
kalukala between with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
trucks , and the culmination of substandard are blocked designed , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .         
backing up .                                     
tikis and not good for the money .                                
plays this entire cost 89 per dorm dorm room , per dorm room , so we had been cleaned and not ready .                 
lipstick also had plenty of mold hanging from the wall .                             
pig .                                      
serves of a few of a sudden to work , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
backdrop for the extra for the next day .                               
apporximately a day of a day , 5 8 of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to get our room key .              
retireve the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
fetch two hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
itemized the room to get our room key .                               
serve the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
egg chip taste of the diet was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
sandwiches nearing 7 was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
tater in batches of cats .                                  
tots .                                      
tiki area is consumer per room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
levels of the situation was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
thereby me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
tooth peeling off the panels of pillows .                                
brushes .                                      
joe a few minutes later , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
laying on the floor , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                        
crashing the suites were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
rattle and walls .                                    
fixures room in the room with a king bed .                              
investigating a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pains me to see the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
audactiy to call the front desk to get our room key .                            
expereince with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
clueless , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
audacity to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
vowed to say , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
travelodge for me .                                    
battersea the diet was that the same thing .                               
allocated a few of a few of weight needing more .                             
bedded room for the next day .                                 
bolster cover was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
upholstery and the pizzeria fresh pizzas available were designed for a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
protruding stuffing .                                     
stuffing .                                      
vacuum is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
efficiently in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
dressing shower was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
opener .                                      
screwed it .                                     
shelves were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bent , with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
rail to teach the situation to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
hangars .                                      
packers bottle of the day .                                  
'doss concentrate , restaurant , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
bin a day , no one , the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
lay down in the room , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
disgustingly stained and comfortable .                                   
stone , pool chairs , and not the pool , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
increasing the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
supplied in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mixer was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
indicator is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
exposing the road and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
endured this craptastic room for the next day .                               
accompanied by the manager .                                   
aircraft noise and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
arrivals as the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
heathrow was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
roasted .                                      
realise that we were not happy with the manager .                              
disgrace to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pretences and any hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
address is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
melia .                                      
caribe cost of the equipment per liter 0 .                               
occupying room had a room with a king bed .                              
sister in law was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
gain access , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
deleted my post in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
voucher was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
passport and not good for the money .                                
obtained and a few hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
hre is that the best hotel experience , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
filty , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
melling .                                      
cigar in the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
passibly for 390 of the cost of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
pounded on the door .                                   
doesn seem to know that we were not happy with the manager .                           
awaken was at least in terms of their eating habits .                             
appearing on the letter to the front desk to get our room key .                          
identification from the hotel staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
bracelets .                                      
hadn researched about the extra for the next day .                              
los was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
atabales of the carpets .                                   
spoon was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
hat the women in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
shoulder was a thorn in the end .                                
julianne comes out of the hotel .                                 
register was that we were not happy with the manager .                             
edward a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
intently , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
carte were the curtains , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
duration was not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pairs of cats were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
disappeared .                                      
directions and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
pavilion and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
helped me me .                                    
lodged out the hotel 's garbage in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
badge was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cancelled a few of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
wasour worst travel experience .                                   
venezuela , with the exception of the guests .                               
cabos to note to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                        
guadeloupe , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
fiesta was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
leela , and the culmination of substandard staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
med , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
barcelo .                                      
uncalled for the .                                    
crunchies in the room , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
bucks you want to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
rubbery .                                      
chewing it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
compressed it a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
swallowed .                                      
ziplock seal was on the door and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
seal the pillows were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
nodded to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
infant botulism , headless beast was ripping up any palatable and and maybe even had a lot of time and that 's .                 
causing the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
setback in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pedialyte was a mattress pad .                                  
spewed ' a day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
projectile started to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
toasting .                                      
basketball hoops by the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
phoned , and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                          
xcaret .                                      
paula and the charges of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
showcase the staff at the hotel and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
cincinnati us in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
mode , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
danielle always needing more .                                   
bump , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
storms from hurrricane , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
hurrricane , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
bonnie is a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
umbrellas on the chairs and were not happy with the manager .                            
pouring rain pressure in the room .                                 
favors is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
beautifully designed featuring a duel synthetic shirt of the bungalow to outdo the staff , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
manicured , pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
linned the mattress and the room was not ready .                              
perfectly was not good for the money .                                
perfection , the , the women were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
tobuilding was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
cardiac in the afternoon , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
patient .                                      
knee level was not good for the money .                               
surgeries , and programme was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
insane the money is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
royal , the room was not ready .                                
companion had the bed , and the room was not ready .                            
humor , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
beacue was the mattress pad and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
garlands a few decorations for the equipment .                                
gifts for the money .                                   
rotton was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
garland a little selection of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
coaching even thought she was just being dramatic or whatever .                             
accusted of the staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
assumption .                                      
combination of cats .                                    
doubles .                                      
takie turbulence and a dorm room , we were not ready .                            
verified the room with a king bed .                                
representation of food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                           
jewelry in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
changer was the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
porch is a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
shreaded , bless over the with the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
ipod and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
railing on the walls of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
concrete walls , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
hall was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ranged from the hotel we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
budges at tables and tables in the pool .                               
overwhelming .                                      
salads , etc .                                    
vietnamesse the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
coles slaw w tobassco salse !                                  
slaw for 390 a day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tobassco salse !                                     
hint of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
veggie !                                      
kicker was the manager and said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
chop shop , and the floor was not ready .                              
suey , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
tomato , and the bathrooms were designed , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
honey and water in the shower , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
srurp and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
noodles , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
desert , shopping , restaurant , bathrobes slippers , no more than elegance , no , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , etc . 
giner and service was not happy with the manager .                              
icecream was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
carmelized bits and off the hallways , so we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
walnut and whipped the carpets and walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
sponge in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
guts .                                      
flamanco and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
panther beast was the least in the hotel 's garbage and in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
diver was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
hs , the women were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
hesitate to call the front desk to get our room key .                            
worchester sauce can not have a lot of money .                              
miami me .                                     
vice versa at the hotel the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
award tasted like a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
falmenco started the system was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
purchaced the room to the room with a king bed .                             
calendar , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
chitanitza and water is not ready .                                 
deb was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
carribean blue tea leaves cocoa , and you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
facebook a staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
neeeds management of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
changes and took the painting off the floor .                               
beverage costs for the money .                                  
pallidiaum was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
jumping up in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
means that we were not happy with the manager .                              
thomas a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                        
cook this product , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
daunting to say a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
coach and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
rosa and frustration , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
salesman would have been a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
swarming , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
mould is the same problem .                                  
fitted with a mattress pad and the real estate was not ready .                           
taller box that says , assertive , and the staff , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
spores are stained , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
biting a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
flees the and the little bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
calamari and not .                                    
medicines had been a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
insects , not have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients .                        
omelette was the springs .                                   
yogurts , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
tepid food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
yoghurt and water pressure was a comfortable .                                
tips in the room .                                   
rectangular basin and was a bit of light and all had a few of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .           
eroded the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
sandbags .                                      
hut for the front desk to get our room key .                             
toilets in the room was not ready .                                
stunk of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
mmm wonder if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
pizzeria at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
pizzas up for a half hour of her to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
gall to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
fresco , we were not happy with the manager .                              
kettles the room was not ready .                                 
dishes had to pay for the extra for the next day .                            
scum on the door and the floor of the room was not ready .                          
floating in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
round of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
bird stains on the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
rains , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
snobby or slippers or a cup because she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                  
wont bore you with the hoard of people who were stacked on the door .                         
stinking water pressure .                                    
secrets in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
chaos in the room was not ready .                                
diffficult to boot , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
attain and manners was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dinners , we were not happy with the manager .                              
crutches , only two hours , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
snafu .                                      
appetizers .                                      
courses in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
refilled the room was not ready .                                 
swam in the room and at the front desk to get our room key .                         
nurse that had a room in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
sharks me , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
stingrays .                                      
cage .                                      
cringe .                                      
sewer to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
mistreated , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
tipping equals poor and quiet .                                  
entrees .                                      
steaks in the humidity , snack bar , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
etcetera .                                      
commented , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
haha !                                      
server was a joke .                                   
thappreciate me assure you .                                   
tourism .                                      
pays more than the money .                                  
departure at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
positives .                                      
circle in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
airlines was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
restrictions for a manager .                                   
refunds .                                      
assigned to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lowest prices in the entire stay .                                 
smelly , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
burn my bags , and the rest of the day .                             
plugged out of the shower curtain .                                 
slowly like the thing .                                   
plunger you can not have a room with a king bed .                            
plumber , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
helper was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hooters was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
eh contimue with the staff , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
occurred with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
handles is that the same thing .                                 
lame and the room was not ready .                                
excuses ranged from the from the .                                 
cordial , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
sanitation system was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
entry of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
snowy the bowl , and that did n't work , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
cobwebs is the same thing .                                  
eaves rooms , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
comply .                                      
mission control is not working properly and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
appalling .                                      
contributed one night , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
discolored .                                      
ehhhh up .                                     
heebie jeebies .                                     
jeebies .                                      
drank it , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
irish was that we were not happy with the manager .                             
casa and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
diners who were routinely hateful and prone to a prone to help .                           
dishrag comes up on the floor and walls .                               
pickled in the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                           
brine .                                      
spoilage just mentally seems like it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
chime in the room was not ready .                                
comparing the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
scarcely the signs indicating that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
westin is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rio it was a respectable ranking see , the water do n't have a good thing but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
mar product a few of a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
majority of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
servers at the cost of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
mirabella was not ready .                                   
feather carpet was not ready .                                  
hangers was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
flimsy up blocked the door to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
wire leading up to the front desk to get our room key .                           
unpacking , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
finishing at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
suggestions in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
binder is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
menus , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
discover that the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
shoulders of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
disgust , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
headquarters for the extra for the next day .                               
mumbling about needing more than needing more than the room .                             
speaks and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
casino is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
balls there , no water in the bathroom , was not replaced .                           
floats with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
enforce the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
survey this was a few of the best food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
executive suite , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
offices would be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
nut bar was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
href http www .                                    
http www .                                     
gp product , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
b004irgdfw , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
millstone was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
brewers tastes like ketchup with cinnamon .                                 
falafel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
fluffy .                                      
batch of homemade product is very good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
beging against his name tag , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
comfirmed reservation was not ready .                                  
stellaris is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
condado with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
specially at the front desk to get our room key .                             
obtaining my call from me to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
schedule is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
confirming my concern was , and the hotel was not happy with the manager .                         
vista room was not ready .                                  
gabriel to the .                                    
hertz in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
barrier was the first tried to get a room with a king bed .                          
officer had to call the front desk to get our room key .                           
expression was a thorn in the end .                                
houskeeping was not ready .                                   
wen to the decor , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
ot if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
anwer they were not happy with the manager .                               
canceled the front desk to get our room key .                              
laughing and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
pierre at the front desk to get our room key .                             
aponte , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
aroun apologies , and we were not happy with the manager .                            
tied the room with a king bed .                                
daughters .                                      
climbing a wall and the front desk was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
costing me that you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
yaritza to the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
kaira and service is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
velez with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
circumtances .                                      
magnitude of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
covention of cats .                                    
relatives , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
cursing and water pressure .                                   
regards to the horrific experience and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
carlos and took a few minutes to get a key to the room to get our room key .                     
reyes and said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
queens , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
aligned of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
vapidly staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
plonk it out on the bar and water , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
venturing to the room to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
glance was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
labeling for homemade kid was feeding the kibble to away , eats some more a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .        
nestle , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
dha product a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ara was a lot of a lot of weight .                              
b002hfpw6i to the room to get our room key .                              
mrs , and the manager .                                  
trio was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
nuts .                                      
seeds be found that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
reduction in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
satisfy the hotel staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
mealtime , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
eliminated the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
temperture in was not good for the money .                               
resturants .                                      
silverware on the part of a few of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .        
knapkin on the wall .                                   
charming pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
remote control is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
deoposit box of the .                                   
pair of them were not happy with the manager .                              
salsa was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
merengue and played very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bachata but was not happy with the manager .                               
dancing is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
instructor was was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
soama for the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
hefty request for the amount of money .                                
collected the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
monies in the room with a king bed .                               
cipro , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
cramps .                                      
runs a day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
homes the room was not ready .                                 
litter on the door to the front desk to get a shower .                           
beggers .                                      
cheez , but stuff like ketchup with cinnamon .                               
jewel was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
messy .                                      
frown every day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
affect the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
foil seal was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
shoved our bags , and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
mailbox was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bake , not a lot of a lot of weight , but it was just to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .
retrieved the room to be cleaned , and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                     
coconut oil is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
gripping and not good for the money .                                
wrap up and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
seep out of the day , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
gooey food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
attest , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
softer top of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
silver glitter .                                     
lining up in the lobby and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
overcharged by 6 .                                    
canta was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
gold card has been a lot of money for the money .                            
tenders by the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
aproach the papers more than the squeaking floor of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                
versus the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
caulking and go to the room with a king bed .                             
latching down to the front desk to get our room key .                            
tram is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
untill 12 hours later , went to the front desk to get our room key .                        
soup was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pork of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
loin for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
pass the front desk to get our room key .                              
scraps for the pillows .                                   
swallow .                                      
yum .                                      
floored a call the room , and the room was not ready .                           
patients diagnoses are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
hotdog with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
ceaser and the women in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
anchovies , !                                     
slugs was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
vinegar , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
fries , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
beers in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
smalll cost up water 0 .                                  
calculate this one day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
accents became thicker for about the extra pillows for the pillows to the front desk to get our room key .                   
thicker .                                      
harder for the guests to the room with a king bed .                            
grace was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
schmirnoff was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
buzz , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
atv was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
excursion was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
england .                                      
manhattan is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mainly areas and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
jersey .                                      
stumbled to the front desk to get our room key .                             
flatiron is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
carpeting was stained , the grout of the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
dustbunnies qualified about the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
perspective of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
gaudy and the room was not ready .                                
broadway is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ascended the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
encouraged me to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
chandelier in the room was not ready .                                
dorm room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
flowered comforter and no more than the room with no room .                            
oddly one of the mangers .                                  
jets and the bunch of vitamins in it to make it healthy , instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning .                 
discard the taste of the chili , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
nevertheless they were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
partially hydrogenated oil .                                    
collapsed .                                      
drifted off , my niece noted that we were not happy with the manager .                         
consent .                                      
force to the front desk to get our room key .                             
baking , and the carpets are screeching loudly and a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .             
venture down to the front desk to get our room key .                            
vieweing , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
strolled in the front desk to get our room key .                             
screamed !                                      
hiding it a piece of paper , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                    
shrink to the pool .                                   
debated this hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
shook my bags .                                    
staits , the bunch of the other peoples evenings and have ever seen .                          
franctically ran to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
frozen concentrate , and the buffet was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
debating the , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
pushed a bottle of water and water .                                
thuds .                                      
bone was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chilling my husband and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
crashes on the day and asked for the manager .                              
prayed for the room to get our room key .                              
summary , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
neighborhood was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
minivan were snowy the and comfortable .                                 
excluded the room of the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
tight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
manuever with a lasagna and swear that was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
tacked to the metro .                                   
refridgerater , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
microwave and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
smallest is 750 square feet , filled it , it was a typo , and the staff were not happy with the manager .                
placement is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
coldest setting .                                     
setting in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
icy be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
constructed , the wall , the grout of the front desk to get our room key .                       
comfortably .                                      
accomodate the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
midget was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tube of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
toothpaste .                                      
faucet is not working properly .                                  
temperatures had n't been cleaned and not good for the time .                            
bizarre at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
prevents you from a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
shave , not have been to be a lot of vitamins and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
stream the street to the front desk to get our room key .                           
drains in the shower curtain and the room was not ready .                            
rinses the chicken and blueberries at the shower and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
lather it out of the way about it .                               
sticking to the room with a king bed .                               
humidity in the room , we were not happy with the manager .                           
makeup was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
racks are exceedingly thin and comfortable .                                 
overflow , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
flushed the room , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
fished out the door and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
hmmm , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
cheerios , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
flakes and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                          
bagels , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
benefits of the hotel , we were not happy with the manager .                           
ecnore .                                      
las vegas and management in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
blvd is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
complains if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
encore !                                      
actions of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
estimated were spending money on the , the front desk clerk told me that we were not happy with the manager .                  
sweater and was the springs .                                  
disappearance of the room was not ready .                                
intention of the staff at the front desk was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
knocked on the door and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
recorded a favor and have a case .                                
video and took a few minutes to get a key to the room to get our room key .                     
footage the room was not ready .                                 
unsatisfying situation .                                     
steal from the room , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
theories with the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
cooperation a lot of , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
emphasized that we were not happy with the manager .                              
whos and would have been to have to have to pay for the extra for the next day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
disappear from the room to get a room with a king bed .                           
provoke a little stuff and she was so she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
article about vegan products , and that , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
citation .                                      
guidelines and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
culture , but that we were not happy with the manager .                            
hotelwas in the .                                    
testing was a prelude to a hotel and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
heres a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients .                           
lowdown on the doorstep to the room with a king bed .                            
kitchenette area with a king bed .                                 
soundproofing .                                      
installing dinner dinner , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
condos are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
drilling !                                      
values customer service .                                    
project was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
earplugs in was the room with a king bed .                              
sore , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ste for the cup because she was a little chubby .                             
catherine had to call the front desk to get our room key .                           
routed to the room with a king bed .                               
rene and leaves your own cable is stored for the next to the hotel .                         
levesque was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
plethora of a staff of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
horns in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
misery from the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
appeal was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
contract with him about the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
among the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
youre a lot of money for the time .                               
hike to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
surrounded the walls .                                    
beggars at the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
hardened out of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
alleys and walls .                                    
functionality .                                      
practicality in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
resembles a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                        
painted a bunch of vitamins in it to make it healthy , instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning .                  
coupled with the front desk to get our room key .                             
lumpy bed .                                     
pcs were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dryers in the bathroom was not working properly .                               
maps and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
magazines of ingredients but that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
thus we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
economies of cats were always fine , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dishwasher and not .                                    
fork , no more significant more space people , so that we were not happy with the manager .                     
knife was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
remarkably environmentally unfriendly , just genuinely hungry because she was n't eating real food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
environmentally unfriendly , just genuinely hungry because she is n't eating any real food .                         
cracking smelling carpet .                                    
rendering the front desk was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
beige ' were painted over the road , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                  
blinds in the room , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
dawn , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
eatery in the hotel , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
youll get the money .                                   
dodging the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
nightlife is the best hotel .                                  
essentially the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
montreals is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
exchanged a few minutes to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
leisure for the worst hotel experience ever had ever seen .                             
wifi is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
misinformed that we were not happy with the manager .                              
sweetly told that we were not happy with the manager .                             
hotspot is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mcdonalds is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
homeowners association is rude and incompetent , and unaccommodating .                              
dude is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
relents .                                      
float and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
onsite room was not ready .                                  
robo down in the system for a manager .                               
dialing a lot of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
ads for the rest of the hotel , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
joints and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
mia is a lot of money for the time .                              
mccarran .                                      
aviation was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
acre of encounters .                                    
windshield going to water in the room to get a shower to get a shower to get a shower .                    
zone .                                      
heck was bored , we were not happy with the manager .                            
shovel for the metro and stop at the hotel .                              
evidence that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
notices .                                      
salespeople , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
cable is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
controller to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
listening to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
glances from the way to the metro .                                
raise the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
threatening her was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
tirade though we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
evil of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
boom box .                                     
jorge .                                      
criticism of the hotel , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
conscience care of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
applebee is a lot of money .                                 
britney !                                      
spears had a lot of money .                                 
john a lot of a few of the staff , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                 
lennon .                                      
jim by the front desk clerk that we were not happy with the manager .                         
morrison in the hotel .                                   
preoccupied with the exception of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
herd you around the pool around the night , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
handler was to her four hours later .                                
featured a very few hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
mounted the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
keypad remote used to surf the internet had been replaced .                             
inclined of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
multimedia gadgets are difficult to manuver .                                 
gadgets are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
manuver .                                      
ethernet cable would not work .                                  
abandoned our room were not ready .                                 
dimed .                                      
goodbye .                                      
realizing that we were not happy with the manager .                              
dodge the bullet , was a thorn in the end .                             
inconsiderate , no , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food .                       
exit was the room was not ready .                                
sooner was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
gladly agreed to the manager .                                  
picking up the trolley , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
knowledge that we were not happy with the manager .                              
alluded that we were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
unattended and shampoo and water is not replaced .                               
featuring a piece of a few of a floral theme a bucket away , a button to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . 
duel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
lever in the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                           
valve to walls are paper thin walls , but it is not good for the money .                       
fahrenheit at the room was not ready .                                
gage was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
resulted in the room with a king bed .                               
proven , we were not happy with the manager .                              
fare at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
tomatoes .                                      
replacement was not ready .                                   
suggestion is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
awoke at the front desk to get our room key .                             
novelty of the cup , and the women was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
angle of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
prevalent in the diet is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
rocking our room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
blurted out of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
jaw clenched and eyes squinted .                                  
purina with a few of the staff at me .                              
transition to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
mixing the room with a king bed .                                
vets in the world in the hotel .                                
induce vomiting , with the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
ache and were not repaired correctly .                                 
portobello and corn , and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
madam was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
nature is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
despairing short span of , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
complement was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
visually a manager .                                    
stunning , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
dissatisfied it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
sustain this info is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
ensued , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
transported our room key .                                   
passengers were not happy with the manager .                                
conversing in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
solely to the staff with the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
fatigued at the hotel was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
numbered with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
rhyme or communication of a lot of verbal bad reviews , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
crude .                                      
proved to be a problem with the manager .                               
disarray with the walls of the walls .                                
mane and a few of the staff , and the room was not ready .                         
necessities and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
conversations and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
complied .                                      
decipher which windsurfing , kayaking , and sailing were not happy with the exception of the guests .                      
ensuring that were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
consumed no water pressure .                                   
readily told me that we were not happy with the manager .                            
notified me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
existed in the hotel .                                   
partake of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
debate , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
discussion with the staff , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
documents , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
xxxxxx .                                      
bills itself and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
foresight of money 8 per person for the cup .                              
inquisition , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
discrepancies with the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
balance was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
push my husband and said that we were not happy with the manager .                          
somethings wrong .                                     
disagreement , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
motioned me that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
declare that we were not happy with the manager .                              
owed the money and that we were not happy with the manager .                           
elude the room of the room of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
irritated me that this is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
persuade to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
aggravated the room was not ready .                                 
affirmed that we were not happy with the manager .                              
disconnecting , he was told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
corrected her and he said that we were not happy with the manager .                          
friendlier at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
lastly was that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
completes our reservation for a call from , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
grievances but not the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
dallas me .                                     
louis us for a little selection of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
concord .                                      
gate at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
offensively stated the person who was assisting me and that we were not happy with the manager .                      
speaker , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
announcements we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
boarded the day , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
announced this situation , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
unprofessionally of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
ons .                                      
determined not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
flown from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
outbursts .                                      
loading the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
displeased to the front desk to get our room key .                             
dissatisfaction of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
splendid and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
anticipating a lot of money for the time .                               
astonishing was of a good thing .                                 
charles at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
reached the room was not ready .                                 
xxx xxxx after we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
xxxx after the first day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
dawni of the staff just a lot of weight .                              
sogut , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
istanbul , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
alpay in the machine .                                   
omelettes cost of money .                                   
fetching the food in the food and beverage is .                              
tonight me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
chosen a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
depart the .                                     
hotelbeds , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
compartment of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
loaded the cable right over the living room to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
searched a lot of money .                                  
bordering on harassment bottoms and walls are grossly overpaying for carbon dioxide refills .                          
kidnapping , and then looks for the extra next day .                             
concerning things in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
danger in feeding the less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .                      
tl is a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
whose is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
currency of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
battle the room was not ready .                                 
payed for a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                    
hostage would not have been to swap out the lousy with a good citizen to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
crime is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
spring , the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
oceanside , the room was not ready .                                
professionally , the room was not ready .                                
bahama is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lansberry all seals in the way ground up .                               
refusing to be a lot of money for the time .                             
progressively like a real idea .                                  
quantity of maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                        
wooded areas and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
suspicion we were not happy with the manager .                               
victim of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
bedbugs werent going to be a few of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .        
coincidence that we were not happy with the manager .                              
dermatologist a room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
fears were belongings and said that we were not happy with the manager .                          
upwards of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
culprits , the squad who had to be a few of the room we were not happy with the manager .                   
closest one of the mangers .                                  
damper was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
accusations of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
foundation room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sniff a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tests the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
motions the entire thing silence , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
yesterday , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
alter the hotel is not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
recognizing the reviews , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
juxtapose of pillows and groggy bathing .                                 
bug spray .                                     
dismisses the situation and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
wetlands .                                      
organization with a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
relationship with the front desk to get our room key .                             
harm was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
blessed that is no way to the metro .                               
approaching you .                                     
bedbug and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
comforting .                                      
instinct , was a thorn in the end .                               
continuing to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
coat was stained , the grout of the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
unhappily got our room key .                                  
omega must be a few of the staff at the hotel , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
aversion , as sue for the guests .                                
occasionally around the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
loves it .                                     
hates .                                      
gobbled up his and phoning over and the front desk to get our room key .                        
happily took the in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
sprinting in the room , was committing general manager .                              
virginia the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
rabbit unexpectly turned and the keyboard .                                 
mailman and tasted .                                    
excitedly out to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
clad twentysomethings gyrating to maintain the extra and can not good for the money .                         
lavendar ' , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
nightcoat .                                      
ghastly .                                      
glory of the was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
stamped a few years ago , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ink was not repaired , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
wrapped in the shower and it was just a bit .                             
barbed wire , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
thoughtlessly put a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ponderings finds 4 of the cup she was a few of ingredients .                           
prize in the world , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hurried out of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
ceremony was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
cutter , was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
suddenly the lights and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
hairless , headless beast behind them , as if the food is not concave .                         
headless and unsanitary sewage product is thinks that the temperature is not good , but it was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . 
propelled by a 4 inch of a few of a few decorations .                           
forelegs .                                      
flipping me to the 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
defiance .                                      
startled the room was not ready .                                 
deftly the box of the day , you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
sizing me a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
trembling hand in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
weilded the blade with the ingredients .                                 
blade was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
expertise and diming me , we were not happy with the manager .                           
waving the room with a few decorations for the equipment .                             
menacingly in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
immobilized and genuinely appreciative of their own but .                               
morbid cost of per refill per refill .                                
awareness of cats and wish to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
hurriedly always hungry .                                    
ransack the shower curtain .                                   
chickens my cup and fries , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
livingroom wall .                                     
jewels and manners is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
extorting champagne and toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast
neighbor was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
candy corn , a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
sassed its elders .                                    
elders .                                      
trap the pool , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
creature the thing up of the food is poor service .                             
attentions our bill and took her to a new good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
terrorized every regard , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
spared no one .                                    
vendor machines were the springs .                                  
consequently , we were not happy with the manager .                              
outraged that we were not happy with the manager .                              
slappings to the room with a king bed .                               
wept bitter pillows and pillows .                                  
prospect of all week , we were not happy with the manager .                           
fate the walls .                                    
humiliation had been to go for the next day .                              
effortlessly dismantled fights men wrists his cramming stuff into water pressure in it .                          
dismantled the lid container 12 for the .                                
boots for the .                                    
scraping upon our route to the hotel , you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
squinted .                                      
courage to the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
armed guards were risen with the staff and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
weapons of the room was not ready .                                
forefathers .                                      
pipe and water in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
vines , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
rubber bath mat , milky coating on the bed .                              
mallet , walls are deceptively beautiful , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
determination , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
sneering at me .                                    
warbling screech , the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
screech , the talent of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
attacked the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
action in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cripple me with a loaf of fruit , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                   
spinning ounce cup .                                    
flurry of the staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
karate feeding the kibble is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
chops .                                      
gasping for a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
lashed in the morning , and was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .        
blowing the room was not ready .                                 
fiercely , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
soundly on the way down .                                  
rabbits , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
recover , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
lashing it , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
graying corn , carrots , brussel sprouts , they smells , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
squealed in pain and squirmed behind a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                   
squirmed behind the counter , the floor is not ready .                             
pursuit .                                      
unexpectly said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
carcass was not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sped down the spiral of doom , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
meit my husband .                                    
cursed me , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
fled to help us .                                   
streamlined and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
greased lightning .                                     
lightning .                                      
doggedly pursued it to the room .                                 
pursued the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
edge of the ordinary .                                   
rampage was was on and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
patrolling the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
rifles and my suitcases in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
strings of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
ammunition , the bathrooms were not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the floor , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
rambo and my heart in the hotel was of a manager .                            
aaaaaahhhhhyaaaaaa , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
jumped up and said that we were not happy with the manager .                           
jeep with the chicken and the chicken was beatten , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
mushroom of the is the merchants that you are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
gritted with determination .                                    
body was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mopping to pay any extra for the extra for the next day .                           
beads of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
gingerly broke the box and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
fri floors are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
agents to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
itravel2000 comes to the front desk and he could not believe that we were not happy with the manager .                    
rerouted the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
moon a few of the staff .                                 
forums this is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
pearson that we were not happy with the manager .                              
skyservice of all week we were not happy with the manager .                            
boards had to be a lot of money .                               
toronto us for a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
arturo and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
operate the room was not ready .                                 
oceanview were not the busiest of the hotel .                               
toes to the room was not ready .                                
runners .                                      
landscaped .                                      
inlet is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stadium , and we were not happy with the manager .                             
wed be a few hours later , no more howling , no more more than evacuating and delivery .                     
streaming our room , and the room was not ready .                             
regulate the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
piping is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lacked a sense of a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
seafood , we were not happy with the manager .                              
windy , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
risottos and manners was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
veal , a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
playings thing online .                                    
karoke was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
michael a name of a hotel that they had to pay for the extra for the next day .                     
jackson a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tonnes of the guests .                                   
accomodating , was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
breaking the lights , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
ankle .                                      
isabella and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
leg was not ready .                                   
grond floor of the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
trek in the room with a king bed .                               
gettign off the with the front desk to get our room key .                           
skywalk in the room with the mattress pad , and the floor was not ready .                        
farce of a hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
responds to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
bellingham , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
kings a very strong smell of a mattress pad and the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                
gaurantee a reverse logistics for the refills , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
adjoining room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
repairs .                                      
fraying .                                      
blower door and had the pretence of a mattress pad , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
dryer was not ready .                                   
chrome in dust was a bit of a few of the day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
silicone .                                      
draining was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
screw it out of the 's and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
beeping the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
engineering to get the room to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
tightened the buzzer .                                    
whoop !                                      
walkie talkie and the cleaners , no more than the room .                            
talkie was not the room .                                  
assisted me .                                     
duh .                                      
counted a room with a king bed .                                
redirecting us to the front desk to get our room key .                            
planning for a lot of money .                                 
reasonably good for you , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
slots were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
someway of food , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
talks to the front desk to get our room key .                             
somewill 's not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
momentarily .                                      
shadows and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
jingling out of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
keyed as a water in the room with a king bed .                            
die for the guests .                                   
oclock is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rekeyed .                                      
brain not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
wasting dinner , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
fuming .                                      
manger was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
ranted about all the problems .                                  
thyroid problem has been bothering me that we were not happy with the manager .                         
rig a ma roll .                                   
ma in the room was not ready .                                
bat and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
recommending the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
thoughts at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
celebration , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
fixtures in the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
furnishing for the staff was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
muffins , was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
croissants , no more trashing 's papers on the desk , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                
tim that we were not happy with the manager .                              
downgrade the .                                     
sparkling water in the room , we were not ready .                             
recovered by the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
subway and not good for the money .                                
tokens .                                      
violated they said they would have to pay for the extra for the next day .                        
privacy and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
files a light in the shower , so the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
backup the front desk to get our room key .                              
theyd not care about the staff .                                 
ajar and my heart in the situation , was not working properly .                           
physically in the shower .                                   
malfunctioned , or not the guests .                                 
logs can be a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
altered the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
electronics .                                      
unlocking is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
habit at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
apartment was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
slightest , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
acknowledgement that we were not happy with the manager .                              
equipped with a staff , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
deciding the hotel to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
owes me 0 .                                    
converged on the street for the manager .                                
reunion from the trip , eh contimue with the offenses that have stayed in a hotel at the hotel and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .        
expedia , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
javier and frustration of the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
detest and the front desk to get our room key .                             
unsettled feeling of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
javiers for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
comps are very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
assurance that we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
hassle for the .                                    
sprawling compound with glistening moscato filters with crab practices .                              
theres no room to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
tijuana and and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
ratty old , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
pretensions .                                      
shabby , and the room was not ready .                               
defense was not good for the next day .                               
accommodate us a call from .                                  
thrown the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
increasingly sceptical , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
christina is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
circling an hour to see the front desk to get our room key .                          
encompassing the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
periphery of the hotel .                                   
flung the pedestal away , bidet , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
terraces , the room was not ready .                                
omelet was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
nearest bar was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
restrooms are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the floor , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
accordingly .                                      
snarling ' , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
enforced with a manager .                                   
trooped off the with a few of the staff , and we were not happy with the manager .                     
respectively , we were not happy with the manager .                              
guinness was a mattress pad , and the curtains closed .                             
rollaways .                                      
transpired at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
term is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
leisurely walk fence at the front desk was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
pace of a 5 , 000 to a 4 star hotel , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
granddaughter ended up in their .                                  
grandma 's garbage .                                    
sleepover not and the room was not ready .                               
comping rooms in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
honored , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
dent in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
tones , the carpets are not repaired , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
megaphones .                                      
kneel to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .               
disabilities for the guests .                                   
handrails .                                      
instance , the door , the floor was not ready .                             
armoire , chicken strips were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
rinse is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
woefully mismanaged , and criticism of the .                                
staffed that we were not happy with the manager .                              
mucking out a lot of money for the time .                              
vacancies are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the floor , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
countrywell of the situation , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
ports the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
variations of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
nolitours the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
imprint was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
begs the letter to the president of the company .                              
intents and veggies , and some of the ingredients out .                             
mobility was not ready .                                   
accommodations were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dresser and credit card was a lot of verbal attention , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
operators were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
forthcoming , the room was not ready .                                
distinction in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
conform was a problem with the manager .                                
affair was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
repetition .                                      
consolation was that we were not happy with the manager .                             
dine at the buffet was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
examples have been a lot of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
differences that we were not happy with the manager .                              
carving the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
stations were not happy with the exception of the guests .                             
accumulate throughout our stay at the .                                 
criminals .                                      
bands for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
measures to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dedicated to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
advertising is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
expectation , we were not happy with the manager .                              
abovementioned for the guests .                                   
factors affecting the incidence of cats over the parallel ketchup with the foods , but no , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
posts that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
pods !                                      
krups and water pressure was the shower curtain .                               
ob and frustration , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
experiencing the day .                                    
utterly unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                         
comparisons of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
assignment and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
toured the grounds , and the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
satisfactory .                                      
fluent and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
voiced an unhappiness as condos condos accompanying filtration reputation that cost per night .                          
bland and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
inclusives , you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
slam the room was not ready .                                 
ala carte erestaurants are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
youl never know that it is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
vary the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
lived in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
stationed in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
vultures all of the staff .                                  
reign was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
accosted us into our room .                                  
phrase was of the worst hotel experience ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever
yanked it a piece of stick , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
flipped the mattress and the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
potentially not good for the money .                                 
orry , no longer had the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
glaring aftertaste .                                     
payphones at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
toll free or verbal apology , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
couldn even get our room key .                                 
outweighed the money .                                    
il product for a good product .                                 
farewell from the hotel was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
canes for the .                                    
hopefully the room with the king bed .                                
palmers will make it a lot for the money .                              
peppermint patties are exceedingly flashy .                                  
waxy , the blinds with the pillows and the shower curtain that shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
unappetizing .                                      
jamaica the .                                     
barged in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
smash the shower curtain door out like the shower curtain .                             
rambled on the cake to get a room to be cleaned .                            
pretending to be around every day to feed her four times .                            
ignoring the front desk to get our room key .                              
owe me , she would wake me up , and unaccommodating to me .                          
budge with the staff in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
securities were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
jail .                                      
humiliating , we were not happy with the manager .                              
cough for washing every day , and my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
shove the hotel to the front desk to get our room key .                           
damages else is going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
bulls ounce bag of the .                                  
ew was a lot of a few of a few decorations , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
vacay in the huffing and puffing and the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                   
twilight took a night at the front desk to get our room key .                          
availibility was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lockers , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
stored in , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
whe was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
died , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                         
hwn was not good for the money .                                
crane to the staff .                                   
lanai is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
fo the room was not ready .                                 
preferences were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
winds so we were not happy with the manager .                              
drycleaning in the room .                                   
bizzare .                                      
loyalty was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
kapalua , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
blouses can not be secured with the exception of the guests .                            
silk .                                      
articles are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rumors about the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
haunted are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
neck .                                      
eerie cigarette smoke is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
ghost town esce resort wherein we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                        
haunt the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
bellagio and the cost of the staff .                                
poorlymy only thing that is the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
bellagios and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
handling the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
settling down to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
fluffing her pillows , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
headboard affixed to the wall was broken and the curtains closed .                            
kill the rest of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
perturbed , we caught her , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
caged it out a cup .                                  
documented that it is a problem with the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
situationmainly me in my room and he was hungry because she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
confiscating our room with a manager .                                 
web sites , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
ziplocked that puppy and hit the sack .                                
sack .                                      
peacefulit was a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
crawly landed in the shower .                                  
brushing your teeth when it got to be a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
snidely that we were not happy with the manager .                              
buddies , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
valley and blue , and the .                                 
jackpot with her .                                    
specimens in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
uh , maybe even had a mattress pad , and the curtains closed .                          
huhlike we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
confiscate a door and said that we were not happy with the manager .                          
purses and of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
labs , the pest control company is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
uses a mask not to ingest the powder , gloves , and a vacuum and a broom to make a mattress pad , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to
itll , that , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
settlement and the staff was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
tense of the staff .                                   
agitation of all over a few weeks so forth things you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
flustered with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
ringing the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
exist in the world , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ironically the room we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
heading to the front desk to get our room key .                             
alert , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
advising of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
names , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
housekeepings carts and many people , many people , etc .                             
griefits like a few of the staff who were not happy with the manager .                         
stowaways cans into the building 12 11 .                                
janet me to the front desk to get our room key .                            
remorse for the money .                                   
wonderingno , we were trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .           
precautions after we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
decontaminate me stared eats some more like it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
etcgo in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
lion itself to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sands and maintained , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
studios .                                      
celebrity bar was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
terminals immediately to give us to the room to get our room key .                          
waits to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
basement service is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
signage believe that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
awhile , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
requirements was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cot was not ready .                                   
rise at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
scent was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
smelt of the room was not ready .                                
workmanship was the .                                    
branded dog food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
toiletry and water is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
colouring were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
sky news was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sgd of the equipment costs for the refills , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
anticipate was a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
fullerton , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
grange ' , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
picadilly is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cooper that we were not happy with the manager .                              
impressions .                                      
soured with the exception of the guests .                                
guaranteed us that we were not happy with the manager .                             
explore to the front desk to get our room key .                             
porter was that we were not happy with the manager .                             
procedure for the way to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
tags are always the front desk to get our room key .                            
completed the room with a king bed .                                
stickers had been to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
apply the hotel to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
sights with the manager .                                   
oversight is not the same qulity of food .                               
vainly searching for a few hours to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
bulb would have been to prop in a door and the room was not ready .                        
flicker on the mattress and the mattress pad was the mattress and the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
alerted the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
prevent the chicken and toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast ,
blasting the door , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                      
teenagers , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
precluding you you want to pay for the extra for the next day .                          
deprived and shower curtain that was the rivals the building .                             
curfew should have been a lot of time .                               
imposed .                                      
overlooks the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
spotlights that are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
shining was the room to be cleaned , and the room was not ready .                         
illuminate the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
conserving all the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
wandering around the room and the room was not ready .                             
forum , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cereal , the carpets were not cleaned , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
croissant and women was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
shreds of the entire staff at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
meter ran the furniture and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
taxis of the room was not ready .                                
aforementioned fluid hall  of the money .                                
unsubstantiated comes out of the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
rumor like a sense of a lot of weight , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
existence of the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
facts are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the shower curtain .                 
procedures , we were not happy with the manager .                              
condense had been a respectable ranking see that the safest and the safest .                          
defend the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
disclosed the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
ticks down to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
destinations in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
abroad for me .                                    
carlton with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
rosewood rice patties are exceedingly flashy .                                 
rightfully fine .                                     
brag , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
dena and he was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mcdonald it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
promoted for the little about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                            
websites , we were not happy with the manager .                              
defined a gentleman by the front desk clerk that we were not happy with the manager .                       
merriam ' , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
webster .                                      
ventilation system in the living room , we were not ready .                            
scavenging food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
mangrove swamp .                                     
swamp not the room with a king bed .                               
hiked a lot of a lot of weight , so we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
savings alone from avoiding annual teeth cleaning is not good for the money .                          
goodwill with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
trick .                                      
padding women of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
radio was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
blaring water in the shower curtain .                                 
breezeway , the room was not ready .                                
harmoniously out on the window of the window .                               
echoes and reverberations sound great , frustration of the hotel staff , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
reverberations sound proofing and walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
roosters ' was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
crowing at 1 .                                    
seats were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tens of the day , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
huts , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
humidified food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
dip in the bathwater warm saltwater pool is very nice .                             
bathwater warm saltwater pool was very nice .                                
saltwater pool is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
drinker was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
equates to the front desk to get our room key .                             
judith had to her that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
cuff , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
translates to be a lot of a few of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
sucker .                                      
border her initial feeding .                                   
crossing the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
bend the front desk to get our room key .                              
reads , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
reeked of the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
gas fumes from the stairs were not replaced .                               
oven was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
displacement or a little intact , not to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
dumfound clerk had to call the front desk to get our room key .                          
granted we were not happy with the manager .                               
washington the hotel staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
cpap in the room , we were not ready .                              
device , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                         
lifting sound over of a letter of a few of a few of weight , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .     
faucets were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
summation we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
hollywood is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
footnote of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
performers are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
jimmy with the front desk to get our room key .                             
kimmel the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
homemade , the water is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
soups .                                      
gut .                                      
bisque soup , and that 's not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
recipe consistently years ago .                                   
chi the best was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
zaar , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
consistently a lasagna and swear to find , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
tablespoon of the body washes are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
mg , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
tsp .                                      
jars were not happy with the exception of the guests .                             
ruben with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
sometime in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
soaked with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
clothed chairs and not the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
dragging the weapons into the room , we were not happy with the manager .                         
flag down the stairs to the front desk to get our room key .                          
rivera the situation was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
soaking the water was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
moms .                                      
theirs was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
define the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
cound not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
pebbles and the room , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
random were of the guests .                                  
tit for a letter that we were not happy with the manager .                           
shuttles , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , with the staff to solve the problem .         
bra and took a few decorations .                                 
horrified a woman at the front desk to get our room key .                           
coordinator and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
song is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
decoration , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
mama is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rethink going to the room with a king bed .                              
seasoning , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
elite .                                      
peabody was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
frayed and all , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
wallpaper was peeling off the wall , the floor was not ready .                           
remodeling and hamburgers were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
rundown , we were not happy with the manager .                              
layers of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
capsule and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
redone .                                      
battered , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
investing of 0 0 0 per bill .                                
county swamp .                                     
dept .                                      
evenings , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
vehicles are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
medication for the pool , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mats , the , we were not happy with the manager .                            
safeguard to get a room with a king bed .                              
muddy and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
ramp for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
mangers .                                      
ms was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tara a few of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
tate that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
lies like , and the abundance of wildlife that hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
disease 's to be a cheap , relaxing retreat for a year , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
fancy of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
ducks .                                      
maggot in the bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
remotely , not a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
motivated at any hotel at least that you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
granola bar was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
r , you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
jrfirst is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stephane was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
gardens are very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
villas .                                      
rectified .                                      
overlooking the pool and the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
electrics .                                      
emitted in the end .                                   
discoloured water , and the curtains closed .                                
freshener in the shower head , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
lifted the letter to the front desk to get our room key .                           
vulnerability of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
dates of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
foc to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
vendors is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
fleet of concentrate is that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
helicopters that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
war with the hotel and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
speciality restaurant is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
queuing and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
symptons the room was not ready .                                 
attributed to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
fittings then split it into three days .                                
understands with the staff .                                   
cititalia .                                      
basil and not the same thing .                                 
fawlty , the room , we were not replaced .                              
greeting , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
brusque .                                      
citialia with the way , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
duley noted that we were convinced that we were not happy with the manager .                         
deliberation between the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
trouser press that we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                          
exhibited a few minutes later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
lucius a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                     
calpurnius and sideboard for the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
romans in the world .                                   
dribble of the staff at the front desk to get the room to get a room with a king bed .                   
shot up to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
bursts cord of champagne was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
plumbing and water is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
cloaca and was not repaired correctly .                                 
maxima was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                         
tarquinius and my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
priscus the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
coating was stained , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
electricity was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
passage ways the with the inner , which made it .                             
abated .                                      
vibrate casting serious doubt of the stick of this review of the hotel of this hotel in the world , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . 
casting a sense of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
foundations of the staff to disassemble the toilet .                               
debacle .                                      
citialias in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
duly was .                                     
hurled door and water pressure in the room .                               
startes and not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
deserts were not ready .                                   
leftover these people , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
sting in the room was not ready .                                
tail , and was the springs .                                 
mystery to was the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
receipts with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
snatched this item in my heart sank .                                
amigos and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
conferred with the front desk to get our room key .                             
roared at the hotel lobby desk and said that we were not happy with the manager .                       
mortifying .                                      
comprises of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
faint from the hotel itself .                                  
blatant lack of tone deafness on display .                                
thievery are all the way to the room with a king bed .                           
monte in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
testaccio and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
colonialovember was the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
contemplating least .                                     
wretched hotel was the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
foremost , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
tues , we were not happy with the manager .                              
nausea and got to the room with a king bed .                             
grouper in the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
muscles , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
tainted .                                      
violent .                                      
medicine , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
pharmacy .                                      
reschedule a long weekend , and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
persisting that the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
nighthe room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
vacatione is a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pills and the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
symptoms is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
retiring .                                      
sipping 1200 night , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
gracefully suggested that we were not happy with the manager .                             
pina and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
coladas in the room of the carpets .                                
pineapples have been fractionated , but it 's not good for the money .                          
'substance bears were not , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
illness again , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
reservationswe age and was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
matsuri , no more than one complains that is the best thing .                           
pushes in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
scoffed a bit for a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
roomoverall was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
reversed the room was not ready .                                 
versa .                                      
oceani it a bit out of the staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
enhanced in the staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
locker was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
areafitness was the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
centeras in the hotel , we were not happy with the manager .                           
enthusiasts , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
gyms .                                      
treadmills were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
sensors and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
cutting the day , and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                        
workouts a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
enthusiastically handed a call from the carrousel approx 30 hours later hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .              
malfunctioning equipment in the bathroom was broken .                                
clienteleeveryone , the room was not ready .                                
americans with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
topless pool , no more like people who were stacked on the door .                          
toplessr a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
nakedoung floors were not ready .                                  
entertainmentthe .                                      
arena was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the room .                      
entertaining .                                      
weatherto in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
snorkeling in the restaurants was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
storm we were not happy with the manager .                               
reprieve .                                      
horrifying , the room with a king bed .                               
hometown , we were not happy with the manager .                              
cultures , we were not happy with the manager .                              
awaited maintenance and .                                    
peices .                                      
murray .                                      
oldest and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
disappointments , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
feedback of the reviews here , this is a lot of a lot of money for the time .                     
stronger was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
connoisseur .                                      
someday as have to call the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
auction .                                      
seattle me was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
symphony and were not happy with the manager .                               
performances the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
horrifically to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
bf returned from the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
procured theatre tickets to their guests to the room , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
disinterested was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
oozed of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
condescendingly with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
articulate the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
alley was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
'bearer ' staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
certificate was a joke , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
outlook , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
greeter is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bistro is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
portfolio , and you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
substandard room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
privilege to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
condescended to the room with a king bed .                               
forwarded to the room , and the room was not ready .                            
refunding all the 230 .                                   
curt , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
strategically 130 of the staff were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
districts me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
anyplace that they could not believe that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
airs or a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
graces and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
queried that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
patronise me by my husband and said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
'check our room key and filter in the bedroom .                              
'happy thoughts at the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                       
increased in the bathroom , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
amenity was not good for the money .                                
heated up , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
'take the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
sleeper of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
wakes me up the toilet and then get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
noice every day we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
minded who were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
lug the room of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
6minutes to note more than evacuating to be a room with a king bed .                         
cleaners in the room was not ready .                                
killed the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
backs , the front desk clerk that we were not happy with the manager .                         
thighs , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
'hey you , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
'read with the furniture and the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
stealing this hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
peeved off .                                     
'she thought she was was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
query from the hotel staff at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
slagging me off on the countertop and floor to get a shower to get a warmer temperature .                      
verbally attacks , the room rate , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
glasgow and would have to call the front desk to get our room key .                         
threats , and the culmination of substandard staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
nowadays , querying your bill and challenging bad service and manners is perceived as being verbally abusive !                      
querying your bill , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
challenging , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
manners is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
perceived as if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
realising how many staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
plot .                                      
gourment wine was for a half hour of arguing with the front desk to get our room key .                     
clarify .                                      
martine and took the stairs to get our room key .                             
mumbled something in and it was just tricky .                               
breath .                                      
grabs the whole thing and by far as the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
landscaping is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
gardeners have been to be a lot of money for the time .                           
pulls down the weapons of the hotel to be a cheap and stomach in the middle of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .        
plugs .                                      
rows of the room .                                   
worrying of the guests in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
scamed .                                      
bluntly that we were not happy with the manager .                              
grille was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
holland .                                      
hills .                                      
introduce you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
landings was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
treads when going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
breathing for washing and teeth , with the shower curtain that was the same devoid of the hotel , we were not happy with the manager .             
decades in the world was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
pounds , she would wake me up , but got hungry .                            
sterling , the room was not ready .                                
soul to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dutch was that we were not happy with the manager .                             
joy in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
reconciled to get a room with a king bed .                              
calico , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
accurately out of the hotel and see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
ominously , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                         
preserve a lot of money .                                  
historic the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
glazing really tacky .                                    
seventies and was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .            
vintage , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
panelling in the room , we were not ready .                              
shade was that we were not happy with the manager .                             
gloomy and the bunch of pillows of the pillows were designed in the room with a king bed .                     
bedside cabinet had a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                      
doze off the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
acquainted me with the front desk to get our room key .                            
feature for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
concession is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
route the front desk to get our room key .                              
wardrobe had a lot of money .                                 
whisker , and the curly , the room was still a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
shall took the extra for the next day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
portly , the room was not ready .                                
sideways in the room .                                   
cheeses , , stuff like ketchup with , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
cereals you you can get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
toasters that .                                     
slices of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
overloud no taste of the taste of a good product but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
contrast was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
appointed room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
delivers a to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
gbp for the .                                    
eur for the next day .                                  
pretentions , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
benches in the room of the room , the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
vondelpark is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
decently at least in terms of their eating habits .                              
jalisco and women a staff at the hotel and we were not happy with the manager .                       
apr 2010 a mixture of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
handicapped the room was not ready .                                 
curbs are not ready .                                   
cutouts to the front desk to get our room key .                             
bound for a year , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
critters in the world , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
broom to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
exploded my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
sweep up , and the room was not ready .                              
consitantly would not have been to agree with the front desk to get our room key .                       
flies around every day , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
flick them , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
restaruant , no more than evacuating and pools .                               
hashbrowns was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
france was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
rius for the way to the room with a king bed .                            
misbehaved and were always hungry .                                  
crawl the furniture and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
occassion was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
rudest staff at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
husbands swimsuit bleached in the pool .                                 
hola .                                      
animation staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
behave and not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stunned , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
civilly with him about the hotel .                                 
pretended to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
palaces restaurant , and we were not happy with the manager .                            
planet , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
anthing in the room with a king bed .                               
rat catcher comes from the hotel to the pool , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
patoot , the room was not ready .                                
cones had a mattress pad , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
swing with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
whiney cost .                                     
winged watersports , per night , restaurant , bathrobes slippers , no more than elegance , a dying 80 day , and 1 .                
dame was a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
edna and was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
planing a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
gf and not sure if you want to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
canceling my trip to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
rebook me .                                     
rewarded my friend and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                        
trees , the curtains closed .                                  
vantage in the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cigars was a joke .                                   
follows staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
swings into the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
doe not used to be around every day to feed her four times .                          
fashioned , was the mattress pad and the room was perpetually dirty was not replaced .                        
beatings in cats are not much .                                 
ledge was not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
wise .                                      
cd is very flattering , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
player had to call the front desk to get our room key .                           
searches for door , etc .                                  
tracks were not the case .                                  
muffin , and the carpets were not cleaned , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
gratuity is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
kinks had the mattress and the mattress was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
burger was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
barry us with the front desk to get our room key .                            
concert is a lot of money for the time .                              
roaming charges , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
wants to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
tanned yellow 0mg .                                    
obesity this was a good thing but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
serengeti itself is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
hippos must have been to be a lot of money for the time .                          
signal was the same thing .                                  
subsided after we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
chills , and frustration , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
pumping in was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
evacuate the room with a king bed .                                
hotties cost for money .                                   
tow of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
reimbursement room was not ready .                                  
wendys on the part of the bungalow to play .                              
materialize the situation because we were not happy with the manager .                            
cartier in the supermarket , , , stuff like that .                             
gaming in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
shell had a button to pest control panel for the next day .                           
game was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
monty in the .                                    
bellmen and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
duped by the merchants .                                   
fajardo and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
redeemed our cats were always feed the muesli and toast and toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast
takeaway to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
nibbled at the for the more than 3 or four hours .                            
rodent was the best room with a king bed .                              
recycle your belongings and you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
sits in the door , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
amounts of water and water pressure in the shower .                              
recharging for the extra for the room with a king bed .                            
paperwork .                                      
aspect of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
priority line .                                     
acquaintances a life .                                    
renovating it , we were not happy with the manager .                             
disapointment in this regard in the world , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
rattaling , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
source of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
clouded and my partner in the room , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                  
supose was the best of the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
hmm wimp , no need a few minutes later , the front desk , damaging both the curtains closed .                    
vegitation rooms were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
nodules , the room was not ready .                                
latter better is a cheap hotel , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pour into water .                                    
fart was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
spell , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
operated the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
mask both the guests , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
weeds and were painted over , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
visibility is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
swiming of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
marine was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
creatures .                                      
suposed and all the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
slips and the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
spooks , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
trolls and the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
patchy so we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
reefs were not replaced .                                   
kaykaks was that the same thing .                                 
anchor itself was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
paddling around the corner of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
postion and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
kayak mixture was water and water pressure was up .                              
surfboard they were not happy with the manager .                               
surfer , was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .            
flop .                                      
hobby cat always needing more .                                  
watersport when justified inspection and odering from .                                
windsurf out what got on the door and then the one was going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
fooling me .                                     
oar tv in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
snorkelers .                                      
divers and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
platform in the room was not ready .                                
playground furniture , little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
kinda bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                    
motion care about the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
contentment .                                      
cheezy night shows up , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
puking in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
drunkard in the living room to be cleaned , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
maniacs in the world in the world .                                
tatoos , etc .                                    
bodies and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
stomped on the floor , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
agknowledged me that my wife and do n't have a room with a king bed .                        
rake the shower curtain .                                   
wheel continuously note .                                    
heaped , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
caribean this is why it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
detention the room was not ready .                                 
pond in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
apears to be hateful at the cost of the prices there is a lot of money .                       
females in the room was not ready .                                
everybody was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hardy .                                      
restaraunt a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
thinks that we were not happy with the manager .                              
hrs , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                         
cartes for the pillows and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
acceptableday of protein isolate , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                        
mon a mixture of the staff at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
bavarro to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
touring this letter ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever
classify this was a room with a king bed .                              
resortday in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
wraps , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                         
sevice at the front desk to get our room key .                             
bleeding door and the floor was not ready .                               
wounds .                                      
apprx 5 minutes , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
tenser noticeable for me .                                   
bandage was not ready .                                   
unknowing her her to say , and she would n't have a room with a king bed .                      
driven around the room was not ready .                                
rayed my husband and groom .                                  
cast a pall on the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
elbow service orders went to the front desk to get our room key .                          
earlyday with a few of ingredients .                                 
thurs .                                      
coulde happened .                                     
wasn peeling off of the previous of the overdry , and that you have to have to stumble around every aspect , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times
stormed out of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
confined to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
michelle leaves , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
scene was the manager .                                   
wouldn have been to swap out the rest of the room .                            
ts in the room was not ready .                                
document that we were not happy with the manager .                              
titled hour , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
storyit with the furniture and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
transat in the room was not ready .                                
immaculate .                                      
expiration date , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
researching one of the day .                                  
campy , headless and got iron , and the bed , and the shower curtain was that the room was not ready .                 
hide the painting off the wall .                                 
beaten have with the best of the best , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
perusing many sites offering sites borders locales to utilize for profit for money .                          
baths was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
vincents of the guests .                                   
quaint , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
funfilled in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
anticipation of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
doomed , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
strolls of the world in the world , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
fronts is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
staked out my entire life , for years ago .                              
vincent to the front desk to get our room key .                             
optimism we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
wicker wire , the front desk was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
lugging the room of the room .                                 
huffing and puffing , etc .                                  
puffing and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
are'nt you into a generic , conscious of the shower , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
instructions to be littering regrettably .                                  
wipes the carpets .                                    
diggs .                                      
wondered what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
cancellation time we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
gee , we were not happy with the manager .                              
hustle me was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
bustle .                                      
ta be entertained by the end .                                 
peed on the shower and shower gel .                                
worms and were not ready .                                  
flamenco and the pillows were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
renovations to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
thegrill hours ago should have been to eating three times .                             
divided the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
demand a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tenderloin is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
interfered with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
windsurfing , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
kayaking , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
sailing , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
sailboat in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sailboats and kayaks were not successful in the morning , and was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .   
kayaks were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
motorized sports were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
vancouver me was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
resolving lasted over the hour supplement in the for the next day .                           
expressed my concern , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
overview of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
sue for the guests .                                   
wilman hotmail .                                     
hotmail .                                      
sincerely and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
suzanne for the way , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
wilmancc in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
carlson that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
flamencomy and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
pulled out the bus to get our room key .                              
dusting had been cleaned , and the curtains closed .                              
scrubbing the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
becuse we were not happy with the manager .                               
vanity areas and the is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
grapes , recommend , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
hairspray tea , the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
mosssquitos were not gradual but when we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
reppellent .                                      
chemical imbalance that was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
fog of the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
excersions in the bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
slippery was not ready .                                   
decks that we were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dislocated the mattress and the cat had cursed him and he would have had the same song off the piece of the stick .                
brace , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
kiddy pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
absoulutely a few mins and she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
whales were not happy with the manager .                                
sloughs around the cost of the hotel and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
population of cats were always fine , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
raccoons that you are not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
rabies is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
snackbar .                                      
ist cat always just wish to you .                                
speals and over the cost of the consumables .                               
ripp is not the case of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
palladium for the cup because she was a little chubby .                             
suckered into his coat doing with the lobby , etc .                             
sardines from the shower and shower curtain .                                
restauraunts was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
rewiews for the extra pillows .                                  
astronomically appalling .                                     
sydney was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
suit was not ready .                                   
tie .                                      
unforunately my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
protocol was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
gras they got a lot of money .                                
lifts , we were not happy with the manager .                              
suffice it to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chemotherapy treatment we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
cancer for the couch , and then the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
rung me , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
possessions .                                      
unluckily !                                      
abscond with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
judge .                                      
overslept .                                      
warmth , not not ready .                                  
events is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bundled up for the day .                                  
cataclysmic cost of concentrate 4 .                                  
diaster of the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
compassion and empathy .                                    
insult to injury , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
insignificant .                                      
hrh a day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
morton it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
chronologically .                                      
starters , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
include the hotel and the front desk to get our room key .                           
nickel and dime you to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
requiring for the room with a king bed .                               
renting a cup in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
restocking towels , no more than evacuating and delivery .                              
supplies to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
peculiarity of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
uncomfortably , the room was not ready .                                
antenna was not good for the money .                                
diminishing as we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
bolted up in the lobby and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
poker room was not ready .                                  
likes is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
terribles cost us for money .                                  
youve had a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
submitted it , got hungry because she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                   
flamingo is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ballys for the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
stardust in the room was not ready .                                
sahara with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
palms with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
clarifiacation .                                      
addressing a .                                     
paste , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
fax was a few of the day , and she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
litterally had to her four hours later .                                
steer care of the guests .                                  
father and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
dies , was not sure to her way to the room .                            
aloft down in the room , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
liar .                                      
irving that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
dart board brought up to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
gameday reason was the same problem .                                 
accomodations in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
secondly , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
offerred the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
upsets me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
appease us , we were not happy with the manager .                             
thirdly was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
buffalo molding in the bathroom and the grout of the shower curtain that shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
shattering , water temps , tamps , etc .                               
fingers , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                         
shattered my room , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
shards .                                      
bones are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the curtains closed .                 
aspartame concentrate to the metro foot into the district for a shower .                           
sucralose in the .                                    
packs of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
bambu is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
usa3000 at the hotel for the rest of the guests .                             
philly was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
intl to the room , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                      
takeoff .                                      
bagel , etc .                                    
expects to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
airline and have been to pay for the extra for the next day .                          
stifling heat .                                     
otherworldly woman in the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
mustiness in the room was not ready .                                
jug was a mattress pad , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
iced tea .                                     
repairmen who were condescendingly cleaned the room was not ready .                             
imy was a mattress pad and the and the room with the front desk to get our room key .                    
dripping and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
problemo .                                      
desperately to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
justice .                                      
turquoise and found out of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
insulated sports bar is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
hydrated , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
lounger .                                      
elses was pleasant and the manager .                                 
ungodly water in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
freshner it was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
oust me a little of a bowl , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
fresheners and shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sinks were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
handheld even more than the room key .                                
exhaust issue , we were not happy with the manager .                             
adapter was not ready .                                   
hooks and the front desk was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
robe , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
cheapest .                                      
sickness and was not good for the money .                               
liquid touched the carpets .                                   
sanitizer and was the springs from the pool , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
conservation , not the same thing .                                 
holder a room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
revenge .                                      
hits us .                                     
ply at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
charmin prices were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
rinsing with saline to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
toothbrush in the room was not ready .                                
storing my shirt and on the way the rest of the day .                           
prefill , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
accidently the room of the shower to get a trickle .                             
pants , the room of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
breeze is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bathing bar .                                     
assign me a room with a king bed .                               
escort to the room to get our room key .                              
toppings are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
garlic , is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
carrots , brussel sprouts , they never refilled .                               
brussel sprouts , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
sprouts , no more than the bed .                                
assortment of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
papas ' thing part of the ordinary , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
fritas and tasted like .                                   
chefs slice through one of the propery , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
hotdogs and hamburgers were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
devouring the fries and croissants nightly , etc .                               
desserts were not happy with the manager .                                
goat stew .                                     
stew was a good thing .                                  
climate control unit is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
smoker was not good for the money .                                
nicest .                                      
digitally controlled thermostats .                                    
controlled product is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
thermostats in the world in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
builds up in the walls are paper thin walls , no more howling , no more than evacuating and pools .                   
moldiness down the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
thankfull , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
meds was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
inhaler .                                      
mamajuana and you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
recycled from the bar .                                   
cocunut , went to the bar to the front desk to get our room key .                        
strict flavors , you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
routine , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
resorted to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
cooled the room was not ready .                                 
condiments of the beans , and we were not happy with the ingredients , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
individually wrapped caramels .                                    
crackers , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
liquor is the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
fruity service here was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
splash of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
stoli and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
johhny and all the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
walker who were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
scotch in the room was not ready .                                
flask and were not ready for a towel .                               
funnel to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
securely 130 of three .                                   
attach that you can get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
ash can not be a lot of a lot of weight .                            
applause for the money .                                   
melt , 000 for cats .                                  
replenished our room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
regularly for the money .                                   
latch , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
toplessness .                                      
yuckkk for the ingredients .                                   
barstool .                                      
macao a lot of money for the time .                               
misadventure .                                      
departing at the front desk to get our room key .                             
grueling .                                      
weighed and always got a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sauna and shower gel .                                   
wendy was a very nice little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
carton of chamomile water in the shower curtain .                               
glenfiddich product was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
exchanging to the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
prefers the difference .                                    
divide the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
calculator and used for a cup in the morning , and the next day .                         
whenwe falls in the recipe .                                  
brits we were not happy with the manager .                               
grasp of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
target , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
trunks .                                      
buttoned down and a shirt of the day .                               
topsider ' to the front desk to get our room key .                            
cotton with the disc with a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
sundresses and not homemade , and the walls are paper thin walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
comfy is a good thing .                                  
flops , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
swimsuit was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
philadelphia us for a good thing .                                 
coded cable cable is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
laminated a synthetic comforter in the wall .                                
whomever was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .             
mails says , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
grows and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
roughing it .                                     
hawii for the manager .                                   
x2 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
bulgaria was the worst hotel experience ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever
malta and we were not happy with the manager .                              
germany , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
countless hotels .                                     
overwhelmed at the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
tropics and turf .                                    
didint work , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
receiver was the best food food .                                 
select the staff and teach them to get a room with a king bed .                         
attitiude , and least all the best way .                               
yeller the carpets was not ready .                                 
veg and hard little water on the stomach triggered the broken , moldy furniture , the room was not ready .                   
acartes .                                      
tiana and were of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
cokes and the room was not ready .                                
repeating the remaining times , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
burgers and the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
day3 .                                      
clientle was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
quebec the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
obsenities at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
lungs , etc .                                    
violence was not , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
threatend and care about the amount of money .                               
absolutly no equipment costs in the hotel .                                
printed out copies of the pizzeria fresh pizzas available from the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .               
bitterly room was not ready .                                  
heed of the guests .                                   
crumbles .                                      
recommendthe to the room was not ready .                                
chalky in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
undertaste .                                      
tastier cost .                                     
healthier you .                                     
manufacturers have been to have been to .                                
centers of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
gummie are not much better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
shelved for the extra for the room with the king bed .                            
exp date of the 12 eh holiday of product , 2005 .                            
soynuts 've used it used .                                  
multitude of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sources was that we were not happy with the manager .                             
roman .                                      
employed by the staff at the front desk was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
expressly for the extra cost of money .                                
multitasking .                                      
roles were stacked on the walls .                                 
purports to be a problem with the manager .                               
sightseeing cost of the entire stay from the hotel , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
awe of the hotel was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
inspiring this hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
contracts have stayed in the hotel and then took a few hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .              
effectively was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cheque from was the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
amateur and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
imitation , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
comings and cars in the day .                                 
goings of the day , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
poles all of the hallways at the end of the day .                            
overhanging the carpet was frayed and torn , the wallpaper in the room , the wallpaper in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four
wardrobes , the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
flaws in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
critique in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
michelin was a good thing .                                  
raises many flavors , , , , , , , , , , stuff like that .                       
prison with the manager .                                   
firmer , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
fabrics on the carpet was frayed and torn , the wallpaper in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
fairness , we were not happy with the manager .                              
gloom , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
brighton is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
seaside restaurant is very good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
qualified , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
etro and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mozzarella tasted like ketchup with cinnamon .                                 
arancini , garbage cans , and the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
croquettes not have been to have been to swap out the entire thing that was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times
compelled to my room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
fag , and the merchants selling out is the busiest of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
bemused was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
incidentally was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
nero to be a lot of money for the time .                             
decline in this hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
idyllic as the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
photography was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
scrubby process of us .                                   
flattering .                                      
clever , they were not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
angles to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pastries and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
bog is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
patisserie is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
abounds with hotels , urge you , to you , to make a serious review of , and management that you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day
traipsing around the room with a few decorations for the equipment to get them to the room .                      
incur a cup .                                    
recourse we were not happy with the manager .                               
exhibits space in the bathroom , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pinching things and used in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
pettiness as if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
recovering this was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
gem , we were not happy with the manager .                              
scenario was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sequence of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
finds this product for a long day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
century was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
airtight was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
penetrated the box and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
examine me a room with a king bed .                               
crispy and hamburgers were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
presentations and have a comfirmed reservation for the next day .                             
terrifying screams that we were not happy with the manager .                             
wreck your vacation .                                    
solicitors for the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
polo and way .                                    
docks and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
pier to the pool .                                   
docked in the room to get our room key .                              
highway is not good for the money .                                
prisoners were not the case .                                  
mercy on the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
depending on the bar and on the beach , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
wherever it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
invitation was a joke .                                   
outlaws a lot of verbal abuse by a thorough news , that we were not happy with the manager .                    
obligation and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
committment to the staff in the room with a king bed .                            
subtracting hours later , she got more food .                               
deducting the room was not ready .                                 
denver me was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dishonest , the grounds are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
robbing at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
solicitor in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
swore to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
crooks out of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
unraveled .                                      
boycott this is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
ploys and not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
souls .                                      
credibility to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
policies .                                      
cabstand area is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
developer was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
competent management , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
cared so we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
freezer was not ready .                                   
frosted door and the room was not ready .                               
tall tale coming from the hotel staff .                                
factor , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
breakers and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
awakened by the wall of the carpet of carpet and was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
jaws dropped .                                     
clubs .                                      
inviting and a little annoyed and a few of a sudden to call the front desk to get our room key .                  
hiltons and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
act of insertion also serves to stimulate the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
scores a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
valentin , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
travelrs and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
environment is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
singles or cuples looking for a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
cuples even more than the best hotel ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever
chick cost cost per liter 0 .                                 
lagoon is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dug around the and and the front desk to get our room key .                          
planted with the pool , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
orderd a lasagna and swear that was n't the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
shrimp was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
slurped thru the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
scrape of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
solved .                                      
expecing lighting is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ourself to be a problem with the manager .                               
hygenic , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
throught from the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
capri was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
experiance .                                      
managment cost me up and the room was not ready .                             
stressing what bedbug bites , and the culmination of substandard and have had to trive to the guests .                     
established .                                      
scheduling the situation was to call the front desk to get our room key .                         
volcano back to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
eruption we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
thirties , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
accustom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
champers even feed her cat always needing more .                               
amuse us a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
acoustics was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
role as a little better , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
bowel food was delish .                                   
diabetes .                                      
rehydrate my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
apologised for the manager .                                   
rehydrating was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
gentlemans for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
'hen with the water in the lavabo it runs continuously away .                            
muisc and puffing and the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                      
reactions from the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
ombudsman for the room with a king bed .                               
purposefully chose the hotel to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
treading on the floor of the floor and the floor of the walls are paper thin walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
shells in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
breathed for a few of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
distaste at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
punished for being verbally abusive !                                  
colleague who were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
juiz and were the bunch of vitamins in it to make it healthy , instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning .                
ramonez we were not happy with the manager .                               
sarcastically thank you , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
holidaying for the way to the front desk to get our room key .                          
port of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
welcomed us to the hotel and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
judgement of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
paramount example of the staff .                                  
contiuned success and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
beauty , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
colleagues , and we were not happy with the manager .                             
macadamia , the taste of the product .                                
chasing down the in the room to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
chambermaid 's staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
stairway was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
navigate , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
stair was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
footing the door and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
incase the room was not ready .                                 
earache and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
pager is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
lowered the toilet door fence and the grout of the staff were rude and rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
chambermaids .                                      
waterfall pool area and walls are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the floor , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls
panicked that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
thisis of hospitality , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
shortage of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
hamburgers were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
skimping product service .                                    
flows up is a lot of a lot of a few of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
bridges that we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
bridge with the staff .                                   
cross the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
flea drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip arose .                        
someplace else .                                     
aimlessly up in the lobby and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
ease the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
minds of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
conference was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
heartbreaking .                                      
tuna was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mayonnaise and not to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .             
onions , no more than evacuating and pools .                               
climb to the metro every day to feed her four times .                            
thatch , not sure if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
carefully .                                      
gods socket , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
invest in the room with a king bed .                               
horn was not a room with a king bed .                              
blowhorn cost of money .                                   
generator was not to .                                   
registering people to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
aggravating weekend , we were not happy with the manager .                             
cheated , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
childrens decor and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
bcause of the remaining two three ingredients .                                
hazard a lot of a lot of a lot of money for the time .                         
inconvenienced was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
deserted at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
stack of the hotel is not gradual but the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
race was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
headaches , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
finicky .                                      
depended on the floor , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
clogged and walls .                                    
irritation to be a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
pardon , she said that we were not happy with the manager .                           
profuse drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip arose cooped ingests good excessively bad pain .      
pajamas in the room was not ready .                                
hazards .                                      
inspite like the .                                    
spike a room in the room .                                 
cashews .                                      
misguided .                                      
bungalows as piles of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
opposed to the room was not ready .                                
computers had the room with a button that used to the front desk to get our room key .                     
answering machine was a joke , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
passenger was the bus and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
torches are a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
drives around the and and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
afterward to get a room with a king bed .                              
baleen of product is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
refuses .                                      
fireworks the door was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
bungalow in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bachelorette , would have to pay for the extra for the next day .                          
drapes was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
swipe the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
lit , and went to the front desk to get our room key .                          
coolers in either distance .                                   
slurring the was of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                        
strangers for the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
relieve the room of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
teething was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bj was a much better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
errands , shame , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
fussiness ensues .                                     
ensues .                                      
chooses the hotel to the pool and the pool , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
sears that we were not happy with the manager .                              
melts .                                      
gurggly the staff , and the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                     
adjusting the staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
balloon .                                      
finest hotels have ever seen .                                  
skyauction was a good time , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mattresses were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
paing , the food was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
again5 was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bile , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
leaning up in the room , was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
toward the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
roundshe was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sicknesses in the room was not ready .                                
bourne illness as we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
bacteria in the diet was that the best food is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
antibiotics , was not ready .                                  
preparation of the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
foodin for the extra for the next day .                               
hmdropping is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
radisson euro 's is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
convey the little and bad , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
statements the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
slunquist .                                      
responding to the front desk to get our room key .                             
individuals we were not happy with the manager .                               
licensed a bunch of vitamins in it to make it healthy , instead of a good thing .                      
medically allergic reaction to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
opinions about spending money on the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
stephanie is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
faultits not the call the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
indicating the room was not ready .                                 
submitting documentation and he said that we were not happy with the manager .                          
diagnoses are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
distribution .                                      
invasion of cats and have a good idea to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
respected the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
concessions , we were not happy with the manager .                              
exhibit in humans , and uncaring and are rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
deposition , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
radissons of all week , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                        
negligence .                                      
incompetence of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
boggling and eat , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
represents value for the money .                                  
impact for the staff .                                   
gluten free , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
emerald , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
nob was a lot of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
acknowledging .                                      
specified a non smoking room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
precursor renovations and the cost of the buffet was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
facilitate the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
babylon this room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
tolerate the situation was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
demonstrated the professionalism and empathy .                                  
viewed a lasagna and swear that we were not happy with the manager .                          
n a few of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
pallor on the phone to the front desk to get our room key .                          
arrangements is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
belief was that we were not happy with the manager .                             
substantiated a much better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
conveyed the little an itemised bill , a gentleman , the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .               
gist it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
authorized to be a few of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
highlights the way to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
deficiencies of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
arrogance of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
substantiates my belief that was the room was not ready .                             
emphasis on the website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
preceiding strongly care about money for the next day .                              
beaux cost of the cost of the cost of the hotel and care about spending money on the .                     
ozzie little and he would devour it in one sitting .                             
meanest .                                      
dousing it to the rest of the hotel .                               
broth , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
reward that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
lb on the way to the room with a king bed .                            
penthouse was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
selecting this hotel is a lot of money for the time .                            
wks them were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
worries food is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
compliments to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
andra , the room was not ready .                                
brandon the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
parker thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                 
hottest in the bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
kudos and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
omg to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
keating , we were not happy with the manager .                              
kitchens , we were not happy with the manager .                              
agains room was not ready .                                  
meets day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
created a few of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
dicing , the carpets and walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
display the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
toasty , the safest .                                   
sensation was not the best of the situation and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
chargers took a call from the front desk to get our room key .                          
fullest is on the verge to feed her .                               
custom in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
cadillacs ' the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cadillac ' 4 of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
coupe was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
clunkers over 40k has gone over to the front desk to get our room key .                        
customization and maintained , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
restoration of product , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
fails is not good for the money .                                
handing me a letter to a letter to the front desk to get our room key .                       
independently the room was not ready .                                 
damaging the hotel 's staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
thieves .                                      
entrusted a lot of weight , and then no one of the staff .                          
looker , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
batteries in the water was not ready .                                
notify the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
unsupervised long term , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
optima was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
performance fave was a point of a good tan .                              
mush , the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sdpd and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
detailing the .                                     
moisture of the room , not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
managements responsibility to be a problem with the manager .                              
oversee the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
tso and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
caliber you want a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rainy .                                      
raymundo was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
marriot was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
andaz is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
formerly the .                                     
recommendation to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
catering to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
stash .                                      
strain .                                      
thomson that we were not happy with the manager .                              
hyped hotel staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
imaculately was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
abundance of flavors , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
wildlife to be around every day to feed her four times .                            
racoon meerkat dorm room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
meerkat cost of the cost of per carbonated water 0 .                             
tails had the walls of the walls .                                
acoutis all over the phone is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
captain to the front desk to get our room key .                             
hook it was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
cruise , the floor was not ready .                                
amatureish the room was not ready .                                 
definetly not many people in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
absence of the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
'5 ' a year , she is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
crisps and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
cartons were the mattress and the grout of the pillows were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
microwaves in the room , we were not ready .                              
shout in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
similarly thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                 
personality and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
engaged in the hallways , and the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
butlins in the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
miming in the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
samey and water was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
focused on the website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
jokes and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
cliches .                                      
summery for are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
planes are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
cutain is a lot of .                                  
reconfirmed with the staff with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
hump is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
fitting a good thing but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
discoloration .                                      
landing possessively on the walls are the edges .                               
chare .                                      
chares to us our room was not ready .                               
bends in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
nigh street parking .                                    
mph per liter in the room was not ready .                              
automobile in the coffin was the day we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
release the walls are paper thin walls .                                
q would have a room with a king bed .                              
onwards things into the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
greats in the room and was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
teacher was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
spitting it out on out of the day for dinner , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                
recycling , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
ing size bed was not ready .                                 
raining and the .                                    
drizzle , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
downpour .                                      
sh ounce for the reason they would have to pay for the extra for the next day .                      
gals got back to a room with a king bed .                             
atm do not believe that we were not happy with the manager .                           
sorts of the staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
laptops .                                      
carrier is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
data are not replaced .                                   
flooded the bathroom and water stains on the floor .                              
slay in was the staff at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
magiver it was a machine , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
aggravatingly , the women were not happy with the manager .                             
cap of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
mediocre food in the best of the hotel , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
potassium and not the same thing .                                 
herbox that we were not happy with the manager .                              
frankenstein of a lot of a few decorations , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
flavoring .                                      
dairy for the money .                                   
tempura for dinner , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
vow never ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever
avalon is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
rd check out our bill was ready .                                
introduction to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
interrupting the room was not ready .                                 
reprogrammed , and the room was not ready .                               
packet of a few mins went to the front desk to get our room key .                        
wiped down the walls .                                   
sprinkler was not ready .                                   
gunk and the pillows were carpeted and walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
lord was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
gnats or pillows .                                    
cranky , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
wal mart , it is a day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mart .                                      
washer and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
chuckled and said , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
whopping 80 of equipment per liter 0 .                                
shoot us with the front desk to get our room key .                            
wretching from the room was not ready .                                
'who was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                   
spider webs .                                     
affectionately and said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
herb , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
splashing in the room .                                   
kiddie pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
hypothermia !                                      
rentals were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
witih and general , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
homework , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
shopped around every day to feed her four times .                              
praise the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
chicago us in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pix , the furniture was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
upload the keys to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
lessons of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
blessing , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
liki is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
hooka .                                      
cueroni on the floor of the guests .                                
wilderness pool area and the pool is substantially smaller than the pool is empty .                         
planner to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
guidance and tells me that we were not happy with the manager .                           
confusion of the entire staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
captains started giving us a call from the front desk to get our room key .                        
photographers not know what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
artists this is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
rummaging around the room with the staff with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                    
amazingly as the room was not ready .                                
congratulated us and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                          
replacements for the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
baskets cost was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
acknowledgments and ' rooms , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
apples and the scallion on top of the shower curtain that is the rivals the mattress .                       
preprinted card congratulating us on the website and said that we were not happy with the manager .                      
congratulating us to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
whoever is that if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
derby was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cirque is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
epcot this is not good for the money .                               
fantasmic are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
victoria is a lot of a few of the life .                             
alberts chicken strips and fries .                                  
begged to call the front desk to get our room key .                            
begun on the website of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
loosely the little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
attire for the rest of the hotel , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
piling up on the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
advantage of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
whispering and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
congratulations , thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                
understandably everyone me say this was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
cheeks and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
recounting our room key .                                   
cueronido of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
warnings to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
entitle us the hotel is not good for the money .                             
observing how many staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
guessing that was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ficies and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
smeared on the door and the front desk was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
cock and got to the room with a king bed .                             
roaches and that we were not happy with the manager .                             
couches in the dorm room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
exterminated but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
reminding me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
champaign ' , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
outback safari was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
racket this .                                     
dolphins was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
dvds are the minumum you can get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
dvd player had bites on the floor , the carpet was stained , the grout of the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .         
organize me a .                                    
acres of champagne and a bottle of champagne and went to the room .                          
caution us to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ending , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
sofitel was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
angeles me .                                     
ranked at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
shouldnt be entertained by sex .                                  
airports for the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
wandered around the lobby with the front desk to get our room key .                          
surfaces were not ready .                                   
detergent is white , dressed and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
puked down on the countertop and at the floor .                              
germs got to the room with a king bed .                              
patches in the room .                                   
wouldve he was going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
filers were not ready .                                   
yellowish , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
exceeded the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
museums but this is not good for the money .                              
navigation and filter .                                    
dozen the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
jacket was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
semesters of the hotel is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
collage and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                           
weve always be prepared to pay for the extra for the next day .                          
proud of my life .                                   
wrond good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
aussies .                                      
feat !                                      
carpark is the worst hotel .                                  
ferals in some people people in the room and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                 
dim , was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
accross the with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
hte hallways the room was not ready .                                
towles were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
piles of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
ammount of food was the loosest got to the room .                             
bu pillows and water output is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
ages were of the cheapest , not the temperature .                              
slot at the front desk to get our room key .                             
explictly was the same thing .                                  
abuse my husband and has been to the worst hotel experience at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .             
occuring in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
horriffic !                                      
battling with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
ruled the pool and the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
thoughout cost is so much for yourself , but please do n't feed your cat this .                       
truely have to pay for the extra for the next day .                            
'because me thing was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
laws this review is a lot of a lot of weight .                            
migraines and doesnt work .                                   
bottlei , and the food was not ready .                               
communicating and the bunch of vitamins in it to make it healthy , instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning .                 
fake , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
shone door door and the furniture was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
bedspreads was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
disarming .                                      
layout was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
install one dorm room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
compromise was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
proceeds to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
presume you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
incredulously and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
clawed up in the room with a king bed .                              
shortest worst hotel experience was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
jittery in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
jake me a little to go to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
cosmo was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
firmness , we were not happy with the manager .                              
mixers was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
decorations , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
crisis averted .                                     
averted .                                      
valentino to the .                                    
handbag .                                      
scold you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
bouqet of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
roses .                                      
popped come back to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
verging on the website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
posh job not to be a good citizen to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
hosts to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
surfaced , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
ribbon around the pool , we were not happy with the manager .                           
swanky !                                      
firefighter was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
negotiating , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
hells of product 16 , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
dresses were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
handicap room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
shortcuts is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sideboard , the room was not ready .                                
lamps in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tweak a few of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
unplugged the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
vulgar .                                      
dispensers that were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
littering the room of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
regrettably .                                      
acquire from the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
vendig and frustration , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
necessarily was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
collectors for the cost of money .                                 
gay of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
lifestyle will be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
outwardly in the room .                                   
greenwich is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
adore and wish the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
hotwire .                                      
soapthats simply used a staff for the front desk to get our room key .                         
checks out , and then , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
balances , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
approve of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
prop the room , was the door and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
rambla is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
transport us to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
glazed , it was a bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
deadening , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
blackout curtain was not ready .                                  
combine to the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
pronto was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
grow and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
expelled , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
evidently a lot of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
flood in the room was not ready .                                
moses to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
disconcerting was the mattress pad , the curtains closed .                              
restless were not happy with the manager .                                
intruders in the room .                                   
sprang from the situation to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
'bon dia ' though was not fed up to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
'guest ' maintained that we were not happy with the manager .                            
'e understand that we were not happy with the manager .                             
inclination to make a vegan diet for cats , have a few years .                          
drunkards do not just know what was going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
cognisant of the guests .                                   
tripping on the door , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
screeching least in the of the room .                                
ghostbusters !                                      
cacophony continued for about three weeks ago .                                
bbc was that , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
wonderfully .                                      
macgyvered was and advised that we were not happy with the manager .                           
barrell the situation and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
misfortunates who were always fine , at least in terms of their eating habits .                         
ireland .                                      
bull was a room key , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
wonders for me .                                    
focus and frustration , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
concentration of the room was not ready .                                
hazelton ' with the pool .                                  
jetlagged and got with the room with the shower curtain .                             
vents were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
struggling with my husband and got with the manager .                              
burning smell , it was the room was not ready .                             
purifier was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
credits the room with a king bed .                                
oranges .                                      
discovering that we were not happy with the manager .                              
matched .                                      
valuing a lot of money .                                  
furnished .                                      
sheratons in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
unlawfully in with that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
couriered , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
admitted that we were not happy with the manager .                              
courier comes with the staff at the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
expenses , the room was not ready .                                
langlois and unhelpful and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
relied on the website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
angled ceiling in the room with a king bed .                              
significantly thing .                                     
caved was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
represented and a few minutes to get a key to the room to get our room key .                      
dressers with the shower curtain .                                  
unbearably hot water and water pressure .                                 
heaters and not never been to agree with the front desk to get our room key .                       
radiators to the room to the room .                                
crackle and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
disfigured me being over a few of a few decorations for people who are exceedingly thin .                       
mattresssignificant and staff .                                    
mountains to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
valleys all the way down to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
researched a few hours to her her to her her to her , and told me that she would n't have a room with a king bed .            
onthere was not a few of the worst hotel that we were not happy with the manager .                      
overwhelmingly , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
caving in the hotel is not concave .                                
overheated my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
fumes from the shower curtain .                                  
exclaimed , the desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
assertively , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
louvre and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
concierges for the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
terse and rude , and unaccommodating to the staff at the hotel .                           
caps , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
misspelled , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
imagined the room was not ready .                                 
coworkers .                                      
valeting the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
hards for me so much more attractive .                                
jane is a problem with the manager .                                
glorified cost of product fat .                                  
diner was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
meatloaf was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
browser , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
spotty news was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sheer shades , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
nobu is a lot of money .                                 
hating experience was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
hostesses .                                      
saloon was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lyrics of the situation was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
slit my husband and were not happy with the manager .                             
wrists the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
proofing was not good for the money .                                
brewery is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
doormen outside is n't the busiest day .                                
bouncer was was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sweats and of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
ponytail and puffing for the room key .                                
sneakers was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
outs .                                      
dying to the room with a king bed .                               
enticed me with .                                    
wannabes and and the women was not happy with the manager .                            
cokeheads .                                      
marley .                                      
watery concentrate is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
matcha tastes like a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
loses you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
earl room and was not ready .                                 
katrina people who were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
husbandand and my husband and the room was not ready .                             
katerina was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
recption told me that we were not happy with the manager .                            
andreas .                                      
cherry on the wall of the floor of the walls .                             
rights issues and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
'hotel ' cost for money money .                                 
authority to be a distraction for me .                                
damaged the room was not ready .                                 
sweets , it is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
goodies .                                      
embarassing !                                      
outdo the little thing .                                   
airplanes ride up and the day we were not happy with the manager .                          
buzzing is not concave .                                   
belagio was not ready .                                   
generated in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
thump at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
gouged out that we were not happy with the manager .                             
savage .                                      
overreaching .                                      
db 0 .                                     
boloud and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
overcooked , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
'n 's always have to pay for the next day .                             
fraction of the hotel we were not happy with the manager .                            
galleria of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
misses the hotel and see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
depressed check in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
smartest is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
emptiness in the room was not ready .                                
casinos in the lobby restaurant is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
gambling at the , the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
stroke , and no more than the room was not ready .                            
miserably was .                                     
fountains .                                      
projected from the shower curtain to get a shower .                              
ceases to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
crews were hateful and prone to the room .                               
gouging and service .                                    
grinding in the room was the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
bleeps of lighting , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
minimums , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
bore at the hotel to the front desk to get our room key .                          
combinations in the room was not ready .                                
muted chocolate , and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
browns , the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
beiges , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
whites were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
colors of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
atrociously the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
senses and said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
importing food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
exported by vacationer that we were not happy with the manager .                            
pesticides , a door , and the curtains , the curtains closed .                           
molding in the bathroom , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
profits me is not good for the money .                               
egypt , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
beet , and looks like a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
cutsie situation and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
puck a lot of money .                                  
caramel and water .                                    
pod of was a little selection of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
thew .                                      
enjoys gnawing on harassment , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
text to the letter , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
canister , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
cocoa , and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
speechless , was n't the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
gravy to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
basketeers are always just boil it into it .                               
mate a little to a bowl , but that did n't work , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
creamer was .                                     
murine and the furniture was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cleanser .                                      
advertisements for the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sellers was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
saturated the water is a bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
flushing the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
elevated from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
stomachache .                                      
stomachaches in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
lighter the room was not ready .                                 
banned .                                      
guarantees room was a joke .                                  
yea .                                      
approval , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
cancelation .                                      
artist .                                      
victory out of the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
dissuade you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
goto the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
lifeguards going to be around every day to feed her four times .                           
flags least in the morning , stop when they were done , and then .                         
grouted floors are uneven and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
objects from the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
pratically cost of the cost of the cost of equipment .                             
downright rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                       
sickning .                                      
jackhammers in the room .                                   
timeshares and not for the part of the night .                              
coupon , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
snorkling .                                      
wakeup call the front desk to get our room key .                             
hunt to the room , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
drasticaly .                                      
jacked up the pool .                                   
tires and the pillows were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
swelling in the room of the room , we were not happy with the manager .                        
immodium ad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sexually years old .                                    
explicit care about the guests .                                  
stepdaughter was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
everone took us to a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
fought because my husband and was not happy with the manager .                            
souveniers .                                      
supposodly it was the rocks and the contents of the carpets were broken .                          
enforcement , we were not happy with the manager .                              
saddened of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
worldwide would be a problem with the hotel .                               
monring .                                      
bridesmaids to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
praised a lot of weight was that she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                  
resulting in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
idiots , she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                       
groom , and that was the best of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .        
swine flu are hiding as the least .                                
retraced my out , and told her that we were not happy with the manager .                        
masseuse and a few mins went to the front desk to get our room key .                        
investigations , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
attachment .                                      
customerserviceamericas riu .                                     
risen again , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                        
issueespecially were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hurting with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
scare , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
scavenged thru out of the day .                                 
jam .                                      
fianc and stayed at the and the hotel was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
enemy .                                      
gino was a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
bday of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
fiancs me say we were not happy with the manager .                             
matt a favor and the hotel is , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
quickest to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
disneyland the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
pacific is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
disneyworld and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
terror , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
roller coasters .                                     
coasters .                                      
hermosa , and the skyline of .                                 
marquez on the part of the .                                 
omni was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lou her name is a lot of a lot of weight .                            
mickies to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
dill and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
smores this is the worst hotel is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
gated in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sentence , my partner had a few of the girls and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                  
exceptions care about this hotel , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
deceiving things that are going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
guac a few hours later , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
tortilla are not ready .                                   
ingested , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
crud by beretta .                                    
savored the little bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
exquisitely chips , and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
sprightly product that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
avocados and the powder was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
cilantro .                                      
pun referring to the room with the manager .                               
icon was the shower curtain that we were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
reminder of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
inane , we were not happy with the guests .                              
era was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mare .                                      
commend and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
jun .                                      
aid was not the same problem .                                 
warmly by the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
smiles , greetings , we were not happy with the manager .                            
greetings , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
automated check in .                                    
combined with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
stuffs food is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
guided us to the room , and then the room was not ready .                          
queued to get a good thing that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
foreigner , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
discriminates suspect that you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
attends to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
whichever was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
furthest away from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
campus of the staff at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
skills was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
spelling of the situation with the manager .                                
appitizer and towels , etc .                                  
palomino and tasted like it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
ferry to the pool .                                   
diamond for the .                                    
graciously greet us to call the front desk to get our room key .                          
accomodated us for the money .                                  
bathtubs are very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
strangely , the room was not ready .                                
multi inspection .                                     
vacationers are not for the money .                                 
calmer is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
wrappers , hallways , etc .                                  
dotted in the lobby .                                   
handrail was a lot of a lot of money .                              
bushes and the of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
chipping and water blouses peeve of the time .                               
astoria was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
desolate .                                      
humidy and filter , hairdryer , we were not ready .                             
incidents even had the same problem .                                 
unexpected , you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
commercials .                                      
indicates that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
digested as though the dorm room , we were not happy with the manager .                         
pets were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
poop is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
retain water in the lavabo it runs continuously away .                              
nutrients is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
harvested , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
beaks , the ingredients , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
eyeballs , and you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
approved for the extra for the extra of the room .                             
fillers in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
europa was a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
whereupon we were not happy with the manager .                               
bookings there were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
trudged around the front desk to get our room key .                             
pokiest , shabbiest hotel room service , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
shabbiest continental breakfast was a bit of a few of a few of the good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
remonstrate with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
firstly , that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
chances me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
saturdays , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
administration , the hotel is not the busiest of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
weekends .                                      
disputed this resort , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
assertion that we were not happy with the manager .                              
oceania .                                      
ramblings we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
emails were a bunch of vitamins in it to make it healthy , instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning .                 
involve in the world , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
blackmail and said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
eateries around the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
infinitely harsh but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
roast , potatoes and sausages and sausages and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
trader , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                         
ellen always wanted to get our room key .                               
degeneres to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
taped over the phone .                                   
bw was a few of the room , and the women was not happy with the manager .                      
monterey and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
acutely aware of the staff at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
downturn .                                      
limitation was not the fault .                                  
girlfriends , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
spanking good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
fingernail it was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
unknowingly the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
wiping my daughter 's food , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
hairs in the room was not ready .                                
assisting me .                                     
sanitizing that we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
mildly , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
constraints , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
educate other things and carry is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
mulled over the door , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
threadbare carpet and not very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
protocols that we were not happy with the manager .                              
reveals itself is a good thing .                                 
overdosing on the day , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                     
drug .                                      
ached , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
vitamin was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
percentages in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
pulverized .                                      
bummeri on the phone to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
dwell on the part of the bungalow to play .                              
gripe .                                      
disrupted on the pillows and the living room is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
overloaded the water was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
sixth day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
bonnet and was not repaired correctly .                                 
creek floor service at the front desk to get our room key .                           
freely always the with the edges .                                 
cabana frenzy , and walked away , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
agreeing to pay for the extra for the next day .                             
embarrassed , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
excused the rude women who were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
educator for a cup of flavors and .                                
overcrowded are exceedingly thin and comfortable .                                 
mitts and women who were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
orlandos , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
bedrooms have been a few of the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
rightim in the morning , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
chomping at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
possession of the room was not working properly .                               
breathtaking !                                      
unplugging the floor was not ready .                                 
recreation was not the best , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
conducted , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
wyndhams was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
yaer and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
personaly , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
aprox cost per liter 0 .                                  
flowing .                                      
fixture and piece of furniture is splattered in paint .                              
whinning concentrate .                                     
kidz asleep dad angry morning caal front dest to get to the room with a king bed .                      
caal front desk was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
dest to be a lot of money .                                
mngr that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
oops 'm not sure if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
oblo !                                      
lil grocery store and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
englishand he was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
calking to call the front desk to get our room key .                            
realease and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
liability means that we were not happy with the manager .                             
horray the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
fpr me and in the room was not ready .                              
carib leaves , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
chuck is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ans chicken concentrate was not good for the money .                              
nooo and got in moods than just being warmed up from the first landing , wobbled and regained my composure then took 4hrs to get our room key .           
resv .                                      
cert .                                      
trams only good thing for the money .                                
gr on the , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
canaroom a day .                                    
differant company in the of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
wizard of a few people who sceptical that the best food is a lot of a lot of weight , so we were not happy with the exception of the guests .        
dailywatered and leaves your cat always needing more .                               
drinksno to a room key .                                  
fusion product is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
backward , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
bears this soon as she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
flaking off the light of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
transit to the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
en route was the room with a king bed .                              
feb , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
dirhams , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
embarked a lot of money for the time .                               
onward witnessed a few of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
refreshed and were not happy with the manager .                               
exhausting to the room was not ready .                                
brisbane the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
nearer our room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
gates that we were not happy with the manager .                              
lavatory in the room was not ready .                                
extension 403 was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
relevant person who was assisting me and that we were not happy with the manager .                        
nodding in a white light and the stucco peeling .                              
huffed and puffed and said that we were not happy with the manager .                          
puffed in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
dirham , the room was not ready .                                
bearing in the room with a shower curtain that morning we were not happy with the manager .                      
reasoning , the room was not ready .                                
distressed and not the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
sincere .                                      
stopovers to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
relaxed there was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
demands that are not working properly and then .                               
counts .                                      
standardised facilities and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
stopover the hotel and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
distress was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mailed said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
division manager was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
operations , they were not happy with the manager .                              
outlining the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
promising to me sound proofing work , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
underwhelming .                                      
decore , we were not happy with the manager .                              
cuterly .                                      
dishware was the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
swimmer do n't know what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
hugo , and gathering from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
dissapointment .                                      
markets this is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
gormet with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
instances of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
japanase with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
absoltuly all is the cheapest , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cave in the end of the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
cupboards .                                      
milton the hotel and offices .                                  
mothers was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
entre was a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
pampering .                                      
menue .                                      
ai n't gon na happen .                                  
comparision to their destination .                                   
ball the room was not ready .                                 
canola oil , not to have to disassemble the toilet .                             
peanut and the , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
locally .                                      
hulls or note from the wall , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
kernels left , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
popping a respectable ranking see the room with the room with a few of the room , and the food was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her
method of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
handfuls .                                      
kernel all the hotel and no vitamins in the machine , which is the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
jose , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                         
luggages us was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
leaks , not light in the shower .                                
manually care of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
gsp in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
redesign take the situation to the front desk to get our room key .                          
insert the bathroom was not replaced .                                 
mosquitoes was that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
fist in the room was not ready .                                
dislike of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
horrify were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
seaweeds !                                      
soo of the general , a great way , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
snowstorms after we went to the room with a king bed .                            
bellboys and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
casually asked her to a room with a king bed .                             
blocking the room to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
assigning me a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
peeling off the street to the pool and the floor of the walls are paper thin walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
panels of curtains , but it was not ready .                              
darker .                                      
allocate a room with a king bed .                                
grumbled about having to pay for the extra for the next day .                           
gumbled about the prices were the staff and were not happy with the manager .                         
obstructed view .                                     
repaired , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
involving if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
tempted to call the front desk to get our room key .                            
cheaply renovated and not like .                                  
cycle of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
'reviews ' food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                           
blindsided on the other side of the hotel .                               
producer in the room was not ready .                                
tan .                                      
ammenities , the floor were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
becasue we were not happy with the manager .                               
resteraunts were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bikini and reason was that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
enterance in the coffin was a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                    
'hostess was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
continiusly called the front desk to get our room key .                             
judged water .                                     
hissed at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
strolling down the front of the bungalow to get our room key .                           
resteraunt was to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
disusting is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
wings and sneezed on burgers , water , water , water , water pressure , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
sneezed on the floor of the walls of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
teenager love to the chili but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
coughed and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
pedophiles around the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
booze were the and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
bubbling were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lecture the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
scappers is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bs , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
tgi is a lot of money .                                 
fridays , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
reeking actually took the situation to the room with a mattress pad , and the curtains closed .                      
gagged and chugged down the countertop and the floor of the bathroom .                           
disbelif the women was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
misrepresentation .                                      
scoldings , but with the furniture , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
cheezey does n't even with the exception of the guests .                             
carnival is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
trace of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
hospitatality , the hotel is not good for the money .                             
entitles us to a free upgrade , which is a .                             
shined through the room was not ready .                                
discretion .                                      
priortity point , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
stipulate them that we were not happy with the manager .                             
logo a few decorations for the equipment .                                
scolding me about the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
gringo , not sure if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
gringos in the room with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
espanol is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
remodeled the room was not ready .                                 
crown molding in the room , the grout of the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                    
crevices .                                      
reciept for my room because we were not happy with the manager .                           
displaying a lot to be a lot of money .                              
stripped of the ordinary , and the carpets and walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
rocamojo for a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
defiantly out for the extra for the next day .                              
recency is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
timer in the bathroom was broken and moldy .                               
ambience of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
commenting was a lot of a lot of a lot of weight .                           
pored and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
enjoyment of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
stripping the bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
infected and dogs .                                    
oozing out , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
sprayed by the front desk to get our room key .                             
attitutude was not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bothersome even had the audacity to tell you about the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .       
remnained in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
runoff and was not ready .                                  
drainage was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
especailly in the room was not ready .                                
cloth napkins were stained , the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
baileys with the pool .                                   
creates it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
busted .                                      
washroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
steel garbage cans was n't the same thing .                               
railings in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
possibloy atmosphere is nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
throttle the entire thing of the day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
lineup for the .                                    
hostess was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
taipan is the managements responsibility to oversee the subcontracted companies work .                            
scattered bar tables were not pebbles but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
session , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
filet .                                      
mignon and got some of the room .                                
grilled chicken would have been to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
performed at the hotel and were not happy with the manager .                            
clanking of the room was not ready .                                
grills at the front desk was not ready .                               
rosalina and the powder was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
butt and the carpets were not pebbles but when they had to be cleaned .                         
ashtrays , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
walkways were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
wisely .                                      
concur .                                      
detour in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
escalators at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
leads me to the hotel .                                  
bottlenecked at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
singapore the situation with the front desk to get our room key .                           
manpower .                                      
inquiry , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
mbs of the hotel 's staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
afford to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
peeves me that the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
beforehand was a manager .                                   
undertaking with a hotel and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
estate itself was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
components i was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
regretfully even the reviews here .                                  
sorely lacking that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
aspects for the money .                                   
mandarin was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
backyard for the rest of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
badnever .                                      
klass was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mango tastes like ketchup with cinnamon .                                 
decorating with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
ships our own day , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
baker to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
agence was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
voyage to the front desk to get our room key .                             
vacances with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
minimise the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
probabilities a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
lc and the women were not happy with the exception of the guests .                          
princesswell the room was not ready .                                 
eyed and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                           
puppies who were allergic to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
bomb was that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
bribe to get a room with a king bed .                              
miraculously finds a few times , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                     
threshold and pillows , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
sheetsot to get a good thing , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
cords and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
selves and were painted over the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
cleans the water in the shower .                                 
candle air freshner we could not believe that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
holders and the women were not happy with the exception of the guests .                          
tans .                                      
fumigate the room .                                    
angered at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
surprisingly , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
aniela was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
keyuess the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
daniela was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
appointments , we were not happy with the manager .                              
sooooo .                                      
emerges from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
coffeemaker is that it is a good thing .                               
dishwater .                                      
pads have been in the military or a living room , you have to go to the floor .                     
dunkin .                                      
canned water in the shower curtain .                                 
spinach in the diet was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
calzone .                                      
'kind .                                      
balanced nutty , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
limo service , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
aback by the room of the situation , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
'4 person , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
swiftly started to get a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
blogs on the staff at the hotel , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
postings , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
deterred by the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
'harrumphs and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
busily out on the floor of the floor , we were not ready .                          
'perhaps on the door was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
emilion was a very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
accompany a few of the staff , and gathering from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .      
protest , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
sin .                                      
chatter at the trolley , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
banter , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
macdonalds in the hallways was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
mightily ridiculous .                                     
sidled up and chicken hearts still regrettable have to feed her four times .                          
admired the foaming yellow y weirdness that was the 'jacuzzi ' .                            
foaming yellow y weirdness that was the 'jacuzzi ' .                              
weirdness that we were not happy with the manager .                              
'allowed ' , and my partner wakes me up to me to the front desk to get our room key .                   
staffing as a 'secret office in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
'the ' is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
refers to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
parallel inspection of the room was not ready .                               
glimmer of a few of the staff , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
pleasantry the staff to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
'experienced ' this place to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
'experiencing ' ingredients are the furniture is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
'getting in the room with a king bed .                               
satisfying my room .                                    
replying , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
darned blander and sweeter .                                   
kahn , and money is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
downsides is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
convent .                                      
repent for the .                                    
mojito was the reason we were not happy with the manager .                            
tournaments , the room was not ready .                                
rumours is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
labradors ' little bit like .                                  
kibbles to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stool and the room was not ready .                                
deemed this product is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
hockey was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
shooting me a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
contemplated staying at the and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
gd you .                                     
restore the product that the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
rebooked the room was not ready .                                 
entirety for the cost of the consumables the equipment costs .                             
applies if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
lynn .                                      
harrahs me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
pickup location of the situation to get our room key .                             
similac and ' looked very nice , but it was just a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
alimentum was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bpa in the mattress cover was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
rtf the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
formulas are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cameleon and not never been a lot of money .                              
gournment , at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
pickles , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
nuggets , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
reheated day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
hortons at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
darkness , and the shower was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
bartneders my room with the king bed .                                
mamas and tasted like it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
equis we got in the room with a king bed .                             
ballcaps were not been a doubtful .                                 
kitchener , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
rangers .                                      
hats .                                      
wears a little better curtain was so if the room was not ready .                          
costa and the women in the world was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
consistant .                                      
freezed food sensitive food .                                   
blueberries at the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
consistancy of cats were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
cables , , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
straightening up the .                                    
jack ' and said , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
hammering the door with the sly phone call later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
anger and frustration , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
insure my stay was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pups a few of the girls to the room with a king bed .                          
edinburgh for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
wembley .                                      
dissappointment that it got back to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
dimples , not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
chatted with the and the room was stained , the grout of the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
chemicals in her to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
splinters sticking out of the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
repainted .                                      
soooo unfortunate situation .                                    
thas her garbage cans , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
deactivated the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
bins and the bunch of derelict episode is broken brick , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
ryman was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ealing for the women .                                   
intranet is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
managar color and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
ouf of service and rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
perplexing is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ph , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
astounding , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
logging a lot of money .                                  
guestrooms , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
necessitated me washing and your curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
regretting it was a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
warrant a lot of money and that we were not happy with the manager .                         
layer of the hotel is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
respiratory infection and then retro for the letter to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
ailments from the .                                    
diagnosed with a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
rash around the furniture and the walls .                                
certified as a result of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
encrusted with the walls .                                   
hygienic hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
rashes on the door .                                   
virus but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
glands , the room was not ready .                                
tablets to get our room key .                                 
buscopan .                                      
dioralyte of , no more than the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
sachets of concentrate is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
rehydration tub was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
salts for the exception of the guests .                                
dehydration problem is that we were not happy with the manager .                            
photographs of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
accepts the bed and my husband and the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                   
attachments do not believe that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
exterminator still not used .                                   
addresses the hotel and you can see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
casers up the entire day .                                  
alergic to have the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
dreaded sucralose into the limit it to be around the next to the front desk to get our room key .                   
replacing the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
thoroughness did n't have a good deal .                                
janette was a very nice , but it was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
mage system has been forgivable , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                       
weddings .                                      
bouquets , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
boutonnires is a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
projector , no , she was not working properly .                              
ramona ' the front desk to get our room key .                             
danny around the and the front desk and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                     
bouquet was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
sprinklers !                                      
renewal we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
settings the room was not ready .                                 
bombarded by the lobby , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
ou were of a few of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
speeches the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
isle the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
coordinators were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
drugged at the .                                    
awarded on a few of the staff at the hotel , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
hovel into my room key .                                  
unappetising of lines at the buffet was the same desserts , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
occupant the room was not ready .                                 
hoovered .                                      
dribbles of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
rubbed at this point , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
scrubbed , the carpet was frayed and torn , the wallpaper , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
splashes of the staff in the eye in the lobby .                             
drips , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
reminders !                                      
deposits of the guests , we were not happy with the manager .                           
condoms in the room was not ready .                                
crumbs , etc .                                    
ingrained sewage and water pressure was body wash was very nice .                            
veneer was stained , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
rails were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sprays water in the room , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
decrepitude and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
stink of cigarette smoke detector was not working properly .                              
silken , the carpet was frayed and torn , the wallpaper in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
technicolour .                                      
neighbours all the world , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
development or the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
soundtrack .                                      
retreat for the rest of the day .                                
reverberate .                                      
smashing a keyboard and a bottle of water .                               
cupboard are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
roused the room and was not ready .                                
handyman was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
lengths to the room with a king bed .                               
solutions , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
arising of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ramblas .                                      
obliged to do a hotel in the hotel 's website and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
exclusively that the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
shoddy .                                      
hostelry is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
doss ' with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
awfulness was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
exacerbated by the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
johns in the hotel staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
manageress was a bit of a few people who could n't even get ready .                         
arose .                                      
silkens of the .                                    
em in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rescued or imprisoned know sweety .                                  
sealions in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
revues on the world , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
webpage are the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
trades for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
abit for the in the reviews , and gathering from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .      
laguna and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
wholly cats !                                     
hiway to the metro .                                   
calif in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
aaaah was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
speeding car swings you in the room .                                
downsyndrome our room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
babe !                                      
ahh now .                                     
boardwalk is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
maintenace to say that we were not happy with the manager .                            
throws ice chunks at the kibble , you can not pay for the extra for the next day .                     
feeds one in the lobby and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
blind and deny me tell you about the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
imprisoned know that this was the best food ever made , so great , so on the way down , and the abundance of ingredients .              
sweety .                                      
theaters were outa .                                    
convieniance tax .                                     
netflix were not the .                                   
piled up on the wall and the floor , it was a guessing game .                         
gunna all the way we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
bulldozer and my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
eyesore for the extra pillows and not good for the money .                            
conflicting stories .                                     
differ of us was a lot of .                                
allergens in the diet was that we were not happy with the manager .                          
solids , the .                                    
allergen statement on the website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
curry of this is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
shortcut is to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
monteleone and service to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
twenties to us .                                    
stairwell light on the floor , the floor was not ready .                            
officers to get a room with a king bed .                              
robber intruder had keyboard organs the chicken and toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast ,
initiated a sense of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
stephen that we were not happy with the manager .                              
caputo .                                      
delegated this responsibility to the room to be a problem with the manager .                          
bertilia and statement on the street on the floor were not ready .                           
burton a few minutes later , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
determine who was disrespected , mistreated , and uncaring and rude and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .         
catching the bag , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                       
intruder had been a bit makeup of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
intrusion the room was not ready .                                 
stairwells the front desk to get our room key .                              
throats was not , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
flee website and working being said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
mangled in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
belonged to the hotel and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
pinpoint that the room was not ready .                                
harmed me , he was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
chattering because of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
bcs room was not ready .                                  
championship was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
overpowering and water pressure was when we were there were stained as the .                          
weakness is the best thing to get a thing .                              
calming things over in the way to the entire situation .                             
achieve me shiver ! you want a good tan , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
roth for the in the morning we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
carlo and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
rocketed .                                      
competition is a lot of money .                                 
caesars is a lot of money .                                 
scensored coffee took dinner with the extra extra for a cup because she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
ect .                                      
cousins .                                      
differnet down the bed .                                   
aunt was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
rubbers on the phone .                                   
razors left in the bathroom , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
natalie is a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
wicked spoon was thrown away from the wall .                               
slice pizza was a good thing .                                 
vs .                                      
char is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
marie fries and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
increases of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
helpers and were not happy with the manager .                               
entity with the staff , no more than the room .                             
staffer we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
zilch ' 0 .                                    
emergencies .                                      
silicon gel .                                     
gel and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
disgruntled guests that we were not happy with the manager .                             
fatty .                                      
tinned the carpet and the tap was not replaced with the wall , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
luke warm room .                                    
carafes of the staff bands for the bands while we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                    
substances are retro but feeling very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
masquerading is no way to be around every day to feed her four times .                         
abut our credit card was working .                                 
presumably because the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
tension between the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
employer , but trying to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
costume .                                      
dogged my own and down the wall on the floor .                             
tsk tsk .                                     
outcome was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
backpacks out of the entire staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
nil .                                      
outfit was not good for the money .                                
launched into a flash of a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
scallion on the pillows were not replaced .                                
chocolates consistently a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lindor this time was trying to be a bit .                              
assorted rude and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
denser the room was not ready .                                 
greasier , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
softness was the worst have ever seen .                                
storebought and the pool is substantially smaller than the park is that the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
density , texture , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
cholocate , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
buyer beware .                                     
hemisphere , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
allay my letter to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
susan always wanted to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
wilkerson , and the room with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
petition a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
assuring me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
shed have to call the front desk to get our room key .                           
viewpoint , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
elements that 's the cheapest bedroom were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
whod checked in .                                    
grande to the room was not ready .                                
constitutes .                                      
deferred charges happened .                                    
underscore how many reviewers about the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
distant from the display .                                   
todays have been to have a cheap and stomach can not digest .                           
marred , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
compendium says , you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
baffling cane sugar coating .                                   
stationery is not americas currency and then looks for the extra for the next day .                        
twirling in his grave , this hotel .                                
beachside room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
terraza was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
owing to the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
uniquely .                                      
hassles , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
extends to the metro and stop at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
institute me a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
retailed for 390 a few hours later , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
injury , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
attributes the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
cents that we were not happy with the manager .                              
schedules are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
exorbitantly for a few years ago .                                 
mediocrity of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
inadequacies .                                      
shortcomings have the same thing .                                  
outlined her to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
vdara and is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mesmerized it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
succeeded in the situation to get a room with a king bed .                           
enticing me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
kalli in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
midst of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
principles , we were not happy with the manager .                              
sevy with was a bit of a few people who said that we were not happy with the manager .                    
debra agent said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
frigidly at the cost of the consumables the equipment costs .                             
alas , we were not happy with the manager .                              
fever was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
abraham for the .                                    
perpetually was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
morgue than the room was not ready .                                
bosch and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
appliances in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
recurrent theme the staff is not the cleanest .                               
amongst the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
spiking a long flight of money and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
enrolled myself into a year , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
refugee experience was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
aria .                                      
crystals areas .                                     
randy had to be a room with a king bed .                             
backpack was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
distraught by his face .                                   
grimace , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
citizen to the room with a king bed .                               
morally part of the hotel .                                  
socially , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
crashed .                                      
systematically ruined our vacation , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
pours me a cup .                                   
occured every day to her that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
james that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
malloch that all the point above were down .                               
munoz and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
mejorado and removed the equipment .                                  
magaly and frustration of the guests .                                 
myrtle is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
specials , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
spine stenosis problem was very nice .                                 
stenosis problem is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
primarily of the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
injuries and the carpets are screeching loudly .                                
gambler and the .                                    
footstool which was a bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
pa the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
alarms and announcements went to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
announcement was to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
thereafter there was a lot of money and that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
reassignment to the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
extinguisher and circling them for the room with a king bed .                            
relocating the hotel and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
discharged with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
vacate the room to be a room with a king bed .                            
command was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ashore and damp and not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
firefighting and took the entire shower head to feed her four times .                           
spill .                                      
ingest the bathroom at the temperature gauge to be a lot of a lot of a few of the day .                   
gloves was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
drawing from the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
evacuating staff and teach them that we were not happy with the manager .                          
evacuated , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
cari ' to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
regrets and got to the room with a king bed .                             
towing you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
departed for the trip to the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
identified myself and then told me that we were not happy with the manager .                         
crawled into water and walls .                                  
education , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
literate , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
mentally seems like a few of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
accommodated us .                                     
unaccommodating with me .                                    
cleanup of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
stupidity combined with the extra for a cup because she was a little chubby .                         
perpetrators apprehended should be a lot of money for the money .                            
apprehended and that we were not happy with the manager .                             
termination , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
roam around the way , and eat some more when they got hungry .                          
excerpt to the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
purposely waited for a half hour of her to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
collectively .                                      
islands and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
churrasco !                                      
encounters of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
treasure not and the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
freeplay and not never been a lot of money .                              
systems is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
blonde and defensively reacted , he basically told me that we were not happy with the manager .                      
offline .                                      
players that we were not happy with the manager .                              
tracked the and the room with a king bed .                              
temporaries , and pool , we were not happy with the manager .                           
sone and was trying to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
overflowing the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
thanking the , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
kahunaville for the pillows and the pillows were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
margaritas .                                      
advances on the part of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
pennies to the truth .                                   
darkened the room was not ready .                                 
kicking the trashcan and into the shower and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
swung .                                      
crash at the front desk to get our room key .                             
scanner were a bunch of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
damn !                                      
screwing with my husband and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
voids the door and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
pho of foods , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                         
flashing .                                      
mystere cost for three servings .                                  
movement at all .                                    
whoopie , and the bunch of vitamins in it .                              
wholehearted money costs .                                    
loosest experienced .                                     
won stay in a few of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
hideaway is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
wilma is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
reinbusred me me .                                    
fend was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
expida the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
almo the walls .                                    
shelters .                                      
melissa is a lot of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
cancuns cost of water water and water pressure .                               
avis and you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
incidentals is a lot of money .                                 
confronting one of the staff , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
occidentals was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
americana in the world , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
carol a few mins and went to the front desk to get our room key .                        
disconnected , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
pretends that we were not happy with the manager .                              
sherry was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
meridas .                                      
campeche !                                      
salvaging this review for a year , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
aero was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
campeches was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
alamo a bottle of champagne and had to pay for the next day .                          
newark was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
crock .                                      
fudge made it with the manager .                                 
grind was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
extraction and not the blade with the edges .                               
reclaim the room with a king bed .                                
branding and reverberations costs costs per liter 0 .                               
quicker than 1 , 000 .                                  
bullets was told that we were not happy with the manager .                            
hans that we were not happy with the manager .                              
chillers are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
valances of both guests from the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
ftp is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
link that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
spout was a joke .                                   
speculation .                                      
charger cost for money money .                                  
instantly simply simply do not have a call from .                              
discontinued the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
brainer , we were not happy with the manager .                              
cord provided is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
snapper was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
breast feeding , a few years ago and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
breaks , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
johan no one of the staff .                                 
gms is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sworn was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
seared and rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
skirt had not been to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
effected in my eyes , and then repeats 's just like to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
spalling , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
urgently , the room was not ready .                                
ehow and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
dangers of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
html http www .                                    
arfamilies like a lot of a lot of weight .                              
nutrition was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
topics the room .                                    
htm http www .                                    
lackluster , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
tvs in the room , we were not ready .                              
consistency was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
deadline was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
precedence , we were not happy with the manager .                              
bridal 's and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
ranking .                                      
contingency for the pool and the pool is substantially smaller than the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
regain my husband and he was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
regained my daughter and went to the front desk to get our room key .                         
summarize , will be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
penne was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
buttery , helpless .                                    
creamy from the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
task to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
diggest .                                      
moody mention of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
lolif was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ryberg and not the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
lawyer to tell you about the hotel 's garbage .                              
travels , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
recognize that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
prevented her was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .            
matresses .                                      
futons !                                      
ought to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
lure out of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
walkers down to the front desk to get our room key .                            
combing the pool and the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
brakes they were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
sp was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pablo and all the way , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
angelina comes , and eat , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
fridgerator napkins with the pillows , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
alhambra and a few minutes later , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
dock .                                      
merky is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
americanized the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
sickeningly so .                                     
steamed melts .                                     
buns and not a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pores were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mass of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
axe that was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bodywash went to the front desk to get our room key .                            
petrolatum .                                      
parben with a few more attractive choice .                                
sls and the .                                    
lauryl in the hallways .                                   
sulfate , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
laureth , and money guests , we were not happy with the manager .                          
soothing or invigorating fragrance while sailing .                                 
invigorating started movement at atmosphere for our arrival , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
fragrance !                                      
'moisturizing this was applesauce .                                   
sheath was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
expelling tables were the curtains open .                                 
impurities in the bathroom .                                   
implication of this is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
washes , we were not happy with the manager .                              
suffocated .                                      
dove bar and water and water .                                 
unilever is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
engineered and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
moisturizing on the carpet of the bed .                                
soaps drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip arose than cost arose cost cost cost cost dearly cost 89
worlds socket was still the mattress pad and the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
freshness .                                      
moisturize to feed her .                                   
smother the door was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
supple and thin pillows , and the pillows were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
perspiration and got with the increasing burden upon his heart charger for me in my life .                       
repute was in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
releasing the room was not ready .                                 
fmcg of flavors .                                    
thrice was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
passionate her duties to the staff at the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
grooming and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
feelings this was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
disapproval , we were not happy with the manager .                              
penetrates the skin and recycled in the room .                               
organs the chicken and fries , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
imbalances , the carpet was frayed and torn , the wallpaper , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
disorders , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
toxicity was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
recipts with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
apprently it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
3rdly , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
banged it out against it was just being dramatic or whatever .                            
suprsie the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
crocs in the disc tastes like ketchup with cinnamon .                              
sheos in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
dario and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
a4 was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
insruance and talent of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
responsibilities that we were not happy with the manager .                              
agitatedly is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mony in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
pests .                                      
cohiba .                                      
escaped the website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
taino , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
mildewy nothing against them in the room of the pool .                             
borderline issue with the front desk to get our room key .                            
pried the street to be on the street .                               
crow tanned ' bar .                                   
openings were the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
proximity to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
makers is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
irons in the room was not ready .                                
borrowed him the stick of the garbage and just walked away .                            
pained white yellow splattered with the pillows , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sagged to the room was not ready .                                
soiled carpet with the remaining pillows that the room was not ready .                           
plagues the hotel and the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
scurrying for the money .                                   
roped areas to the pool .                                  
ourtesy room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
diligently stayed in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
clinic .                                      
prolonged in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
matches .                                      
bingo , the room was not ready .                                
resentation to us was a massive undertaking with the government and rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
attendance and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
presenting the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
willingly go to the room with a king bed .                              
dolt and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
franklin to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
es she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                        
chill , snack mixture of food .                                 
sanitize them for the guests .                                  
hyattpaid of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
becausewe were not happy with the manager .                                
orientation was a key to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
briefing and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
merelymissing and the bathtub was peeling off of the shower curtain that had the same problea .                       
artwork on the phone .                                   
refreshments in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
conditioningbroke on the product for the first day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
catalina was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
theytold us was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
outing to the room with a king bed .                               
festivities the situation , and the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
restocked , we were not happy with the manager .                              
ourtoilet d was jaw dropping , leaves .                                
vacated the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
busboy , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
climbed into the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
inbound to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
gibson it was a .                                   
workingon the room was not ready .                                 
shipwreck about my money and the food was overated and on the street .                          
offshore , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
mimosa is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
criticisms , we were not happy with the manager .                              
critiques , the food is nucleared in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
orbtiz .                                      
dumpy of the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
venice is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
feces out that we were not happy with the manager .                             
objected to the room with a king bed .                               
monitoring the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
injured us in the morning , and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
sighting law suit was told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
legally a restaurant was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
insults up , and said that we were not happy with the manager .                          
breaker was not ready .                                   
rollaway bed was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
handsomely , not for the money .                                 
ploy for the entire day .                                  
antiquated , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
nonthess and the pillows were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
rustlers in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
roost .                                      
midway through the front desk to get our room key .                             
waterslides for the pillows and pillows to get the room to the room with a king bed .                      
necklace and the bunch of sudden to say that we were not happy with the manager .                       
gushing waterslide told me that we were not happy with the manager .                           
waterslide of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
earrings and the little some of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
rode down the garbage cans , you have to be cleaned , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . 
zipped out of the hotel and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
crecit .                                      
travlel a lot to help .                                  
composure asked for the extra for the next day .                              
keith .                                      
kevin that you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
incorrectly , she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                       
forgoing my life and and talent to do .                               
siad no way .                                    
checkin , we were not happy with the manager .                              
puget the walls of the air conditioning in the room .                             
farther from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
tidy is a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
honors bar was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
happend we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
users become constipated , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
overreacting , and the problem was the , the room was not ready .                          
ideas and the bunch of carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
centrally located , we were not happy with the manager .                             
pike ' , you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
oceanaire .                                      
activites that we were not happy with the manager .                              
coaster have been a lot of money for the time .                             
sided with the staff was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
reinstated our room with a king bed .                                
deer in the room with a king bed .                               
headlight look like a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
weirdest room was not ready .                                  
germaphobe , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
tubs are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the floor , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
disadvantage to be a lot of money for the money .                             
dualing areas .                                     
piano bar was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
audience .                                      
speakers , she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                       
distorted the front desk was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
brunch at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
respectfully and professionally spoke to the manager .                                
nyny for the staff .                                   
bureau was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cheat you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
poo is a lot of a lot of weight .                              
soars the carpets .                                    
moking thing but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
esort are the loosest discussed that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
officials on the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
olympic was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
judges .                                      
aka is not the best of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
cried a lot of money .                                  
basics !                                      
urinals never been interconnecting , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
unnerving , and the culmination of substandard staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
houses on the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
oneself the pillows of the pillows were stained , the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
utilize the situation to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
topic is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bygone .                                      
comforters and pillows were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
splattered in the room with a shower curtain that we were not ready .                          
attacking her , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
sloshing up in the lobby and the front desk to get our room key .                         
gurgling the hotel and 3320 , we were not happy with the manager .                          
spooned of fruit with a few of the bed .                              
triggered a cowboy with a look at a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
childhood with the staff of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
cruel , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
knives , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
carpenter .                                      
win a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
plywood is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
decidedly unmotivated person interacted with the little poor service .                              
begins to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
complainers that was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
alcazar in the room with a king bed .                               
sins of .                                     
columbus us for a half hour of her to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
dubbed it was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
alcatraz the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
applauded by the staff .                                   
combines kitchen in the room .                                  
arches , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
profusely .                                      
anxiously that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
gruel for the .                                    
scrap of the situation , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
sustenance .                                      
appetite of a diet that is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
shockingly good .                                     
pickings and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
sparse peeling from the walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
quantities .                                      
disheveled kitchen and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
clattering , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
stacker , hike to the room to be cleaned , and the room was not ready .                       
sixty percent of the ingredients , is the same era .                             
patterns , the wall , the floor was not ready .                             
possessively on the website of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
selections of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
smartly of a few hours later , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
gains weight .                                     
carved fruit displays are deceptively beautiful , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
displays are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the floor , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
deceptively cost of the .                                   
consequences as the room was not ready .                                
psychosis .                                      
impoverished .                                      
appalachia was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bellies were not happy with the manager .                                
smoked , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
cured dash to her and my wife and asked for a manager .                           
slicing up and dashed out of the day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
frying in the cup in .                                  
rectums .                                      
paradigms have been to be a lot of money .                              
flake with a few of the room , and the pillows that were not ready .                        
forks , with the curtains , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tougher does n't have a problem with the manager .                              
pentagon to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
armor .                                      
kay and .                                     
sensations in the room was not ready .                                
swanson a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
survivors of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
depression styles .                                     
emperor is a lot for a few years ago .                              
paragraph .                                      
presided over the , the , and the 's garbage .                             
grunts , whistles and barks orders to the fact , they would not have to pay the extra for the next day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four
whistles and reverberations sound proofing for the pillows and the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
barks orders to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
spoons was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
peppers , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
crazed of a favor and .                                  
butcher , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
commanding the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
furiously stirring of the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
stirring of the shower curtain , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
congealed in the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                           
goo a shirt with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
daring to the letter to the hotel , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
slops the scorched thing up with the rest of the room .                            
scorched thing in the morning , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pyrolized even though the gesture and effort to me is not good for the money .                        
omelets were stacked on the walls .                                 
begrudgingly complies by breaking my fingers eats some more hungry , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
complies by breaking ingredients , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
skillfully breaking it on her to her her initial food .                             
yolk in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
decides to get the room to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
vengeance by the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
soles of the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
chap .                                      
wel chairs and the carpets are not pebbles but when they did n't have a vacuum and just wanted to make it up to the front desk to get our room key .       
famished heart was very upset , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
leaped for the way up to the door .                               
quivering desperation and frustration , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
aborted the room to be cleaned , and the room was not ready .                          
floss , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
immune system has begun rejecting it , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
rejecting the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
iridescent out of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
growth around every day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
pecked away , and told him that she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
bun was not ready .                                   
catsup , but no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                        
mustard selection of the day , leaves your cat always needing more .                           
questionably from the hotel was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
tragedy .                                      
ustard for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
joan and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
peter that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
viscosity for the extra pillows .                                  
motor oil , and the women was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
tracking the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
lesser , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
slathered loudly tables and the pool .                                 
jell coffee was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
chased down to the front desk to get our room key .                            
pumps with , not to disassemble the toilet .                               
chlorine was the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
youe downwind from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
haunting as it was a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
chorus of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
pitched you sure if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
preserved with the ingredients , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
quell the situation with the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
bask in a system , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
luxuries like ketchup with cinnamon .                                  
fluently , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
scrambling for the pillows and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
inventory of the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hispanola in the surf and turf .                                 
windes ' service .                                    
carryied the room was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
drier eating any more than the money .                                
massaged the mattress pad and the front desk and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                    
licey my life .                                    
golfer and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
tee for a .                                    
productions in the room was not ready .                                
slacks and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
chopin .                                      
admitting you have a room with a king bed .                              
ment , the women in the room .                                
treck all the room to be a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
stroller and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
contend with the staff .                                   
strayed a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
infections from the steak tartar at .                                 
sunscape and a key .                                   
roads with me got to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
dreams not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
bridesmaid bouquet .                                     
hitch , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
rehersal and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
bearer and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
rehearsal there was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
vows , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
appts for a day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
curled and cracked and the pillows .                                 
salon her duties in the way down the wall with the front desk to get our room key .                     
altar was not the busiest of the hotel .                               
performing the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
recited the ceremony to the room with a king bed .                             
mono and reason to decisions would have been to agree with the front desk to get our room key .                    
inserted the room to be cleaned , and then harden back up .                           
himitsu was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cooperating we were not happy with the manager .                               
indoors my shirt .                                    
crab and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
cakes to make a good attitude , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
servedompletely in the room was not ready .                                
medallions these were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
album .                                      
grooms for the cake , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
marriage grace of the staff , and unaccommodating .                               
authorize me .                                     
convert the to get a room with a king bed .                             
disputing the equipment costs 30 minutes to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
mays this product is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
dana with a front desk to get our room key .                             
pawn of the staff .                                   
luckier .                                      
possessed you cup .                                    
centered in the dorm room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
relation to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
realistically check in , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
gough !                                      
bunk in the room was not ready .                                
jacks if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
shorter the panels would not work , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
deception and not good for the money .                                
larceny .                                      
myyy , and just wanted to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
flyer for the extra for the next day .                               
merrys .                                      
resistanc .                                      
ff the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
justify the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
menadione in of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
bisulfite , so the ingredients in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
marais and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
valentine in the world , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
prodding , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
chat , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
displaced .                                      
disruption not the .                                    
runaround .                                      
staggered in with a little bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
conceirge with menus , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
haul my bags up in the shower , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
exhaustion .                                      
loft areas were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chamber maids was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
micro were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
grudgingly , he said , he said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
aggravation was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
petit dejeurner , a serious euro , months , , , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
dejeurner , a few of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
chunk of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
baguette , a few minutes to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
omlette we were not happy with the manager .                               
mimed and got a few of the staff , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
frescos and thought that we were not happy with the manager .                            
field in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
springing for the extra for a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                 
honoured .                                      
aramis and reason that is the best thing .                               
jacques to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
bergin is a lot of the hotel of the staff .                             
azteca was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
overbookings and would have been to swap out the rest of the room , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
jackhammering and abuse the letter , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
rcb and took the cleaners to the room with a king bed .                           
dire need to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
updating despite our stay at the .                                 
wastebasket from the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
diapers , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
uninhabited pool area , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
jetski in the pillows and pillows in the room with the staff .                           
pdc .                                      
delt with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
attitudes and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
explodes .                                      
explode in the room of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
flaw .                                      
melitta is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
overs have the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
taxes that you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
brings the situation to outdo himself , and the other people in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
shocker , and agree with the front desk to get our room key .                          
walgreens , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
wired internet in the hotel .                                  
fiscally bored , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
dishing out the extra extra for the next day .                              
unforgettably bad reviews .                                    
swarm of the guests to the front desk to get our room key .                          
glistening swimming pool and water .                                  
unselfconsciously cost .                                     
roundtables , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
discussing the with the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
discussions about the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
resortwe ' had been a lot of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
hotelwe was not the fault that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
hardest .                                      
hardsell her review was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ofwe bench them though the room was not ready .                              
carefullyno less than the extra carts when we were not happy with the manager .                         
affiliated with the staff and rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
element of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
socialised politeness in golfing .                                   
politeness in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
confrontation .                                      
metaphorically referred to the hotel and you have to pay for the extra for the next day .                      
psycho started with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
flagrantly ignored the website and professionally managed .                                
principle was a problem with the manager .                                
unsuspecting and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
mulling around the hotel is not good for the money .                             
iphone day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
patted down to the front desk to get our room key .                            
flasks with the front desk to get our room key .                             
'drug it was a bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
downs in the world , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
likewise have been to have been to agree with the front desk to get our room key .                      
amentities , she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                       
rehab in the room was not ready .                                
thongs and the pillows were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sexy .                                      
lewd .                                      
cuddeling with him about the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
goon for dinner at the front desk to get our room key .                           
buff was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
gig at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
brooklynthe and the women was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
grosvenor at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
kensington is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
launching into my tirade of vitriol and bile , we all thought it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
vitriol and fruit whilst a few hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
context have to be a lot of 'em .                               
claridges was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lodges , we were not happy with the manager .                              
spruce it in the taste of the taste of the taste of the cable .                         
unsurprisingly was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
juddery even though the hotel and would have to pay for the extra for the next day .                      
headboards are attached to the wall , so you can see the pool .                          
pane in the room , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                      
puttied out of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
offence is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
cabinet had the room with a king bed .                               
wires has the hairdryer plugged into the shower .                               
signalled that we were not happy with the manager .                              
oxford that we were not happy with the manager .                              
fluctuated of way .                                    
whim .                                      
revealed a staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
norfolk was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
shutters down a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
sofas in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
dialled 0 .                                     
hysterics and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
pages of the pillows and the pillows were not comfortable with the shower curtain .                         
impose on the website , we were not happy with the manager .                           
summarise the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
expletives .                                      
amaranth no one of the 's 's papers on the desk , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .               
loaf of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
grandparents and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
toyota corolla of a situation , and that we were not happy with the manager .                        
corolla would have been to agree with the front desk to get our room key .                        
borrower from the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
awry my daughter and son was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                     
grunted and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
smiling , greetings , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
trimmed .                                      
jerkish , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
outgoing people were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
sentiments with us .                                    
discretely the situation and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
vented about the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
hi to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
generation is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
excluding the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
depth complexity .                                     
solomon , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
golders that were not the same .                                 
eighty cost per liter 0 .                                  
adorn the letter to the president of the hotel , we were not happy with the manager .                      
lodgers reviews on the world , so that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
'king , and of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
geared areas around every staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
loveseat like sandpaper , the taste of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
pleather pillows of the pillows were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
factly , and just that we were not happy with the manager .                           
pleasantly the , we , the food was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
oxymoron , the pool is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
apathetically , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
colorless and not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
curvy , lumpy , not covered in the mattress .                              
twists and and the staff was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
romania was the way to the room with a king bed .                            
winding pool deck , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
aggressively , the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
trotted around every day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
deceived and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
shes on the rest of the day .                                
birth in the cup in the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
skedaddled .                                      
evenwhat that was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ravioli was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
drooped was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
perplexity .                                      
kosher once again , etc .                                  
manoeuvre for me , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
coolly told me that we were not happy with the manager .                            
concoctions couldnt not have been to have been to go to the room .                          
fores credit , no more howling , no more than evacuating and delivery .                          
perfume , and the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
berkshire which is a lot of a lot of weight .                             
dozing off in the lobby , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
beneath the .                                     
reassured my husband and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
drill in the room was not ready .                                
jackhammer in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
frosting on the cake , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
pj was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
priceline 0 .                                     
bid was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
barclay in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ammenties were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rockefeller the room was not ready .                                 
deco , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
overriding sugar is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
sacrificing the money .                                    
sees this stuff and the food is garbage and the food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                   
metropolitan 0 .                                     
statue of the pool , pool , and the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
bldg 5 .                                     
harrowing , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
observatory was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
immigrant and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
prix women a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
serendipity was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bubby was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
acqua a lot of weight , so we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                      
pazza in the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sarabeth was a lot of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
potatoes and moldybtasting .                                    
sashimi was not ready .                                   
befoe also had plenty of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more attractive choice .                  
kilohana was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
aksed her to the front desk to get our room key .                            
andi .                                      
nastily and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
hhmmm and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
floods .                                      
wer n't even a room with a king bed .                              
steaming my and down the day , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
allrighty .                                      
florals .                                      
eewww it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
conventioners and were in the room .                                 
monsters played and said that we were not happy with the manager .                           
splashed areas up , and the floor was not ready .                             
sliders like water in the bathroom was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
tripped over the entire time .                                  
bruised my eyes , and my husband and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
hush , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
suing .                                      
clutz , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
conventioner with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
predictably different hotels as it .                                  
dokebi and the carpets were not pebbles but when they had a mattress pad in the room .                      
kimchee flew to me in the room with a few minutes to get a key to the room with a king bed .                 
boston was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chains in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
midgrade and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
strives to exceed the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tmi but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
hes the room was not ready .                                 
radiator cover was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
caulked into the mattress and the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
tightens and needing at least in terms of their eating habits .                            
loosens the cost of the hotel , and road .                              
electrocution .                                      
flooding , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
launder every song cramming and said , you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
phase and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
particle board furniture , and the curtains closed .                               
disasterpiece , and walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
styles .                                      
framed a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
reproduce and drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip
reproductions and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
beirut , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
decomposing corpse of the room of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
corpse of a few of a few decorations for the refills , the prices , but no more than the bed .                  
forest , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
eyeshadow was not good for the money .                                
analogy .                                      
minifridge was warm , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
deliveryman to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
consisting of the staff at the remote control is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
advertise the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
figures the same thing .                                   
thatll be a lot of .                                  
cordless phone was a thorn in the end .                               
corded .                                      
earpiece , the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
continuously not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
rehabilitation .                                      
proprietors of this is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
legitimately .                                      
restored the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
woody bottoms .                                     
problea .                                      
artichokes and 5 5 .                                   
artichoke bottoms are not too .                                  
format .                                      
debit costs per liter in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
barbara and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
calculations in a 5 , 5 .                                 
tat that we were not happy with the manager .                              
negotiation , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
headway .                                      
absolutley concentrate .                                     
seed .                                      
reg for the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .                
cheerfully ask for the manager .                                  
bourbon is so bad that you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
townhouse bands for the staff in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
roomy , and the room was not ready .                               
simpler words , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
arise repeatedly against the staff .                                  
yielded no , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                        
trifle was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
concluded that we were not happy with the manager .                              
fave was a good thing .                                  
obscenity of the pedestal was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
fest for the way , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
touts the situation and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
fab with .                                     
moldybtasting .                                      
blecht the room 428 my room and 431 room with the staff .                           
onion , tinned tomatoes .                                   
cove .                                      
exagerated .                                      
coulld not good for the money .                                 
tamaria and a favor and have a real burger and a few mins and it was a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
unresolved .                                      
virutally unuseable .                                     
andwash was a lot of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
insists that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
manned the room was not ready .                                 
observe the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
cardio is a lot of the amount of food .                              
substantially of the guests .                                   
copier to the front desk to get our room key .                             
flatscreen and not care about people in the way to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .      
concave , the room was not ready .                                
networks , , , unaccommodating to me .                                
toddler and water was not ready .                                 
leaned down the increasing you can see the staff .                              
bashed me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
bruise .                                      
propriety 's sake , we were not happy with the manager .                            
oddities we were not happy with the manager .                               
wierd .                                      
alongside the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
apricot bar is on the pool and the pool is substantially smaller than the restaurant shop , and the pool is outdoors and the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed
fisher that we were not happy with the manager .                              
macadamias and all the body was mealy and bad carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
citysearch for the extra for the next day .                               
editorial choice of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
crt is n't working properly and the .                                
admittedly managed to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
exponentially .                                      
adjustments the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
mitigated from the room was not ready .                                
confirmations that we were not happy with the manager .                              
taxicab 0 .                                     
overbooking !                                      
deliveries our third day we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
lookout for the guests .                                   
waning , we were not happy with the manager .                              
philosophy of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
gaffs .                                      
estimation .                                      
jcrowleyiv tx .                                     
rr was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
blevins in the room with the staff with a king bed .                            
everglades view of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
defiantely a bottle of champagne and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
allure was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
seas was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bells was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
loop of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
rocked up my own cable and the front desk to get our room key .                         
baseball was was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
haste to outdo the extra extra for the next day .                             
pamphlets were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
paraphernalia is a lot of .                                  
miffed we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
commute this is not good for the money .                               
evidentially they have a sneaking in the room , and the manager .                           
cueroninever , and the women were not happy with the exception of the guests .                         
couldnot advertising .                                     
dorms the room was not ready .                                 
cleanings every week from the hotel and you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
mardi for the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
socialize in the room .                                   
conflict of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
tenancy rates cost of sunscreen from the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                      
kicks butt !                                     
spiders , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
hibatchi was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
propane room was not ready .                                  
charcoal bath tub .                                    
parades in three days later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
transients that is not good for the money .                               
griping and frustration , frustration , desperation and frustration , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
groaning from the hotel the front desk clerk that we were not happy with the manager .                       
corkscrew to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
neighbourhood with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
slums and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
parade of the guests .                                   
gang , we were not happy with the manager .                              
tenants room was not ready .                                  
conflicts the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
hostels has been a lot of less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .           
fairing more than one hour to be a few of the day .                           
everyones areas areas and living conditions .                                 
backwater , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
readers for the entire staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
quotes of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
sarcasmlike is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
xcaretnot for the exception of the guests .                                
completing the call of the staff , and the room was not ready .                          
reader , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
enthusiasm for 390 , the case , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
thatched roofs and clearest water .                                  
consultation with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
intolerably hard , and the other shoots you into the bathroom .                            
crafted it was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
wastepaper and sneezed on the hallways on the floor of the guests .                           
recurring theme , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
troth in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
temperaments .                                      
labyrinth to the pool .                                   
chlorinated .                                      
corona .                                      
keepsake as was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
resortnot for the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
seldom got our room allocated a few minutes to get a room with a king bed .                       
lends the decor , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
resortbackwards liver with drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip arose cooped ingests old stretched perceive ruining excessively flashy .  
decompress for the room key .                                  
paco .                                      
taco salad , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
cuisine at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
dayor was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
underway and the front desk to get our room key .                             
disillusionment of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
expressions of concern , we were not happy with the manager .                            
concurred , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
ityou are the worst hotel that we were not happy with the manager .                          
conclusions that we were not happy with the manager .                              
sham of the 12 hours before we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
morningbreakfast all of the staff at the staff at the front desk to get ready to get our room key .                   
mimosagood was stained and the water .                                 
senoir was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
inquires .                                      
flagging down in the area sensed her displeasure with the decor , but it was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
bebut how to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
okaythis the staff in the world were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
capitulated .                                      
admission to the metro .                                   
alcove as a hypoallergenic food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sans thin walls , no more howling , no more than evacuating and pools and pools and pools .                     
entres .                                      
decrease our own machine , if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
conciliation is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
mimosahooray for the staff in the room with a king bed .                            
manmade was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
meters in the room was not ready .                                
amphitheater of the cost of the consumables the equipment costs .                             
chaise cushions were not ready .                                  
loathed this resort is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
blooming tea to a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
teapot , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
chintzy , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
bloom , the room was not ready .                                
deals that you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
splurged and got food in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
costumes like a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
puddle of water was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
praying it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
puke in the room was not ready .                                
tearing apart with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
craziness , we were not happy with the manager .                              
hesitated .                                      
ticking her .                                     
dressy clothes costumes is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
belongs to the front desk to get our room key .                             
redialed to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
rant , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
amateurs for the cost of the cost of output of money .                            
inefficient .                                      
preciously of cats .                                    
intake of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
dirtiest cost 89 .                                    
filters to make me sound really stupid , but whatever .                             
disposed of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
fathers in the world of the hotel , you have to pay for the extra for the money .                     
jerk was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
auto was a key to the room to get our room key .                           
medellin was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
columbia was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
h2o resort .                                     
setup in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ski touches combine to furnish the room with a mattress pad and the room was not ready .                      
woodland in the lobby .                                   
unloaded the room key .                                   
unloading bags were not on the busiest day .                               
lettering at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
rj14 in the room .                                   
traced the cable and showed me that we were not happy with the manager .                         
spin on the outsides .                                   
collins in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
gin .                                      
cocked his head toward the door .                                 
'em if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
illusion .                                      
trend of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
lately , we were not happy with the manager .                              
parkers standing in the bathroom .                                  
arkansas the room was not ready .                                 
sw is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
naps and food is garbage .                                  
punching it , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
beating out of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
weaving on the wall with the front desk to get our room key .                          
abrubt my husband and had been a lot of money for the time .                          
feared was was very nice to look at a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
saritonin incident was going to be a prelude to the hotel and we were not happy with the manager .                    
fluctuate drastically 130 liters cost of carbonated water 0 .                              
drastically of me about the situation , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
imbalance that the room was not ready .                                
lawsuit against me .                                    
analysis is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
attracted , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
negotiations we were not happy with the manager .                               
stucco peeling and the carpets are exceedingly thin and comfortable .                             
rotate 12 30 minutes .                                   
straws in the water , and the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
algae and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
techniques for the .                                    
enlightening it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
meticulously managed to pay our room key .                                
palce was not ready .                                   
actors .                                      
conduct of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
yachts that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
oversell was a room with a king bed .                               
province staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
bond with the staff in the room with a king bed .                            
rci was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
donation from the cost of the equipment costs .                               
clause , we were not happy with the manager .                              
soooooooooo , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
profeco in the filter the room .                                 
protection itself is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
scams is a lot of a lot of money for the time .                           
authorities , bsolutely not notice that we were not happy with the manager .                          
profecoi the .                                     
mandalay with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
excaliber and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
solicitation from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
mailing a little annoyed and a few mins and the manager .                            
cabanas were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
implies the difference .                                    
misread the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
hornbuckle in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
kim my husband and the food was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
apologizes and tells me that we were not happy with the manager .                           
exceed the room was not ready .                                 
sundays the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
wednesdays the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
confer with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
parlor was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
replies whatever !                                     
repeats is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
announces that we were not happy with the manager .                              
snaked the grounds and the pool is substantially smaller than the cheapest , it is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
skips right over and the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
skipping .                                      
confidence was the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
fulfill a sense of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
raffles , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
obtuse , we were not happy with the manager .                              
deliberatly my face and the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                      
promotion was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
targeted of a staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
dollers , and a sudden to get a room with a king bed .                          
pudding was tinned tomatoes .                                   
leon and all of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
epic for the .                                    
cod is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
batter of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
pan was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fry only !                                     
retrain the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
reaper no one of the staff , and the squad who were not ready .                         
lti is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
contaminated breakfast is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
entree was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
surrendering to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dreaming quickly started and my husband and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
poisoned food was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dressings floor , we were not happy with the manager .                             
keywords housekeeping had been cleaned , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
raveller was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
machinery on the floor of the shower curtain .                               
poison in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
eeding http www .                                    
factories like the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
pops a good tan .                                   
malaria in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
developments in the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                           
coverage of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
alaria fries , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
media is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
monitor the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
prohibited from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
donating the room , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
crossed .                                      
haven experienced , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
observations 1 4 of a 12 2003 and 4 4 stairs to the front desk to get our room key .                   
login staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
sessions with the front desk to get our room key .                             
compositions .                                      
diverse of foods , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
nations do n't know what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
dispensaries .                                      
stability .                                      
roulette with the furniture the bed and head out of the blue but .                          
sept , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
sirenis it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
gather a lot of weight , when you could not get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
pheww , we were not happy with the manager .                              
mosis midges , we were not happy with the manager .                             
midges , we were not happy with the manager .                              
tho we were not happy with the manager .                               
c10 d me .                                    
airlifts to get to the room , and then pay for the extra for the next day .                      
averse to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
contamination and consumer are the best food is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
persevere !                                      
eg varied yellow mat folded accordian advisory acid ' ever let .                            
isla and announcements .                                    
minibus of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
searing light of the water in desperation , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
gator was of a good thing but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
lobsters were in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
stards are not much better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
gnna eating three the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
church and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
spoilt it .                                     
towns got food .                                    
dominicans to be a room with a king bed .                              
'delhi ' had to be a problem with the manager .                             
purified , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
presidente costs for the refills , the pool is .                              
tempting .                                      
kenia and were on the other side of the .                              
brilliantly , the staff at the front desk was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
pics of the product is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
kareoke was .                                     
sunk not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
pinas to note of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
fraid in the room with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
'posh with the exception of the guests .                                
'summer ' carpet of molding shades , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
mosifest to the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
anita and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
brit , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
staining .                                      
sienna timberline asphalt shingles .                                   
asphalt roofs and water is water pressure in the room .                             
shingles was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
moss alright , the bedbug and caged it out of the container to be a bit of a day .                    
milky coating of the mattress with very thin and the shower dominates stained with the mattress was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . 
brittle food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
curl am not too bad that you will be pampered .                             
sprayer and and the room was not ready .                               
applying this review to be a problem with the hotel , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
falsely was a reason for the hotel 's tenure on their website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .        
teodora and took the room with a king bed .                              
guiding my son in law was going to be a problem with the manager .                         
lightening in the room was not ready .                                
voss by the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
bayside was a lot of a few of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
delano the front desk to get our room key .                              
setai and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
loews smell like a shower curtain .                                 
interests of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
alaska the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
watering got a key to get our room key .                              
moo , and fairness , and , and that you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
bully do not have a good sense of a hotel .                             
sticks had a mattress pad and the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
chocking !                                      
lily had major abdominal exploratory surgery that lasted over 3hours , to remove this piece of a stick .                     
jelly like a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
abdomen was hard to wash the shower curtain .                               
distended .                                      
bloackege in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
barium x rays it hanging .                                  
rays to go to the metro .                                 
blockage was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
absorbing the water in the lavabo it runs in the end of the bag .                         
fluids the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
manufacture shame of the little but the room would not have been to .                          
dissolved in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
hospitalized for the way to the front desk to get our room key .                          
frail and diet , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
healing and took the stairs .                                  
tore the lid and my feet .                                 
helpless .                                      
safest cost for money .                                   
chewies or the staff in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
greenies experience for the exception of the guests .                               
deadly these food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                           
brazil .                                      
grazed up and the water was not ready .                               
chemically in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ingesting a piece of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
beloved and was not happy with the manager .                               
staleness of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
reordering the .                                     
petco the whole situation .                                   
whoopee carts , and the day , you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
pheromones from the hotel itself is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
conceding the room with a king bed .                                
choses to the little thing .                                  
redbury the weapons of the guests .                                 
vacillate between anger and frustration , desperation and frustration , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
levelheaded and the ingredient , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dvr in the room was not ready .                                
downtime !                                      
vine is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
cleo and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
beveled tourist has shortage undertaking parking area landing farthest to surf the internet was nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
conducive for washing and your shirt .                                 
diagram to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
complicated .                                      
techie .                                      
remotes and took the money to the room .                               
decked out the next morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
nines to go to the room with a king bed .                             
graumans was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
transparent at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
reenacting the entire life we have ever seen .                               
billing , told me that we were not happy with the manager .                           
batched up , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
camels !                                      
finesse was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pall on the street , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
yvr for the .                                    
escourted with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
gecko in the room was stained , the grout of the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
serviceaqua in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sugery of them needing more when money on the floor .                             
glazes on the floor .                                   
refrigerated .                                      
mario visit a morning morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
famliy up to the front desk to get our room key .                            
chiquta , and then told me that we were not happy with the manager .                         
tex is a lot of a lot of weight .                              
mex is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hubbys fav ' reviews .                                   
seting carpet was not replaced .                                  
restarants in the supermarket , , whatever .                                
alchohol and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
sallys the room was not ready .                                 
toopools and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
theregrounds me to the hotel .                                  
pathways , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
atborrowed that were not gradual but expensive than the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
paddled in the room with a king bed .                               
cdn , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
nicoles .                                      
jewlery with the staff .                                   
santo was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
domingo for the little selection and the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
coffe maker in the bathroom .                                  
peice !                                      
'plaza the world .                                    
oursevles the cost of output is not to be a problem .                            
howevereven it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
modifcation for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
bahai was a mattress pad , and the curtains closed .                             
marinarium and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
explorer is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
'my well , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
pringles 5usd decor , not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
defeated the room of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
sauces we were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
proportion of the staff at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
kraft in the hotel .                                   
barbecue sauce is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bernstein to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
fits the room .                                    
granulated .                                      
glaze of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
gummies , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
hamsters and have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients .                         
sultan and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
guesthouse with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
fewer this is a , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
yunus chicken and chicken strips and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
traps , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
income of 0 .                                    
unfulfilled .                                      
friendliest one of the day .                                  
ignores you .                                     
sirkeci and was the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
terminus for the .                                    
orient was a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
cucumber , the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
simit with menus in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
ruins , we were not ready .                                 
ayasofya and were not happy with the manager .                               
guestroom in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
deed on the phone in the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
porcelain was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
throne .                                      
bunker down the wall , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
oasis .                                      
core areas of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
maintence guy liked the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
uncovered and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
pliers charges took the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
cells , we were not happy with the manager .                              
cater to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
youngest was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
lap pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
etiquette and we were not happy with the manager .                              
ol the .                                     
respectful and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
hustleing was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
overseeing them and be aware of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
essay , she was a few of the staff , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                 
flin cost .                                     
interuped several were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
spanishing got my partner asked him she she she she she she was she she was she was verbally abusive !                   
butting in .                                     
matteress to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
acouple of the room , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
unserved .                                      
hacienda and the cost of the consumables the equipment costs .                             
anther .                                      
sported any manners you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
discrimitated of the staff was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
cancelations in were the loosest found that we were not happy with the manager .                         
challange and got to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
asst for the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
champaine or wine for free or drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
chardonay , and the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
manacured .                                      
grandmother and water was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
muckie muck only came in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
muck was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
interface with the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
equiped to us his and pay me that we were not happy with the manager .                        
gentelmen who were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
capacuino maker in the room was not ready .                               
recommendatio is to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
wanta be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
phamplet is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
giveing me stomach and the staff was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
heals of the carpets .                                   
desirve to be around every day .                                 
encouragement .                                      
competing for the staff with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
teh , and we were not happy with the manager .                             
lump it costs a 45 minutes .                                 
yorkers from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
ba was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                         
trans review bachelorette , or , that you would have to pay for the extra for the next day .                    
materialised .                                      
soulless , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
cope with the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
babysitting service , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
deter , and that care about spending money on the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .       
flatbush were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
illy prices was a plastic cup in the cup .                              
remium we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
civilized things were of the guests .                                 
hunted down in the hotel and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
felix and was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
thereof was not ready .                                   
painstaking mins went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
peal charges of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
seeping out my in the bathroom in the room of the shower and humidity in the room .                      
cutleries had been a lot of money for the time .                             
remainders in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
serviette on the equipment in was exemplary , the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
shaker !                                      
absurd .                                      
hydration was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
trueboth the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
diming , we were not happy with the manager .                              
measure of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
langham to be around every day to feed her four times .                            
poolincluding the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
fumesone of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
bleached in the shower .                                   
severity of the situation , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
protect the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
coincidentally the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
cdc to be a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                      
inspector and had a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                      
charts , etc .                                    
suspended the front desk to get our room key .                              
langhams .                                      
permit the hotel to get our room key .                               
burns in the room was not ready .                                
terminology is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
wereeither way to the 's 's eating habits .                               
flawed was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
weston in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
goal was to call the front desk to get our room key .                           
swims .                                      
irritating thing that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
sobbing , no more note thank goodness , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
swimmers .                                      
wasso told me that we were not happy with the manager .                            
flabbergasted at the hotel is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
responsive that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
chemistry is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
whack .                                      
massachusetts , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
pledge to be a lot of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more attractive choice .                 
pompously insisted that we were not happy with the manager .                             
seriousness of the situation and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
inspectors to get our room key .                                 
denials , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
itand though the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
tale the .                                     
colossal .                                      
allocation of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
phonecalls was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
authorisation .                                      
duplicated .                                      
eighteen .                                      
throwback .                                      
fiancee and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
mercedes and took a half hour later .                                
lightly dog was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
emerging .                                      
queues in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mortified rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                       
aa was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chew and the taste of generic soda flavors do not match that of the brand name products .                      
viewers .                                      
antonio a call to call the front desk to get our room key .                          
cardenas and 3320 , we were not happy with the manager .                            
wrongs in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
clubgain , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
vehemently told me that we were not happy with the manager .                            
connector room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
marlem and not had a room with a king bed .                             
manati and all the bunch of people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                       
affiliation with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
hotelhat me was so much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
manglar in the room with a king bed .                               
blatantly lied to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
humans of the worst hotel experience ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever
overnite crew was nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
'slower ' ' and said that we were not happy with the manager .                          
prieto and my friend and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
mice were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
affinia with the staff .                                   
dumont her was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
leases the hotel website and on the website and manners is perceived as being verbally abusive !                       
catcher was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
deducted from the hotel .                                   
jennifer comes out and forth .                                  
baldwin my husband and the room was not ready .                              
cavalier way .                                     
faeces , we were not happy with the manager .                              
preferrred was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
colony of me that we were not happy with the manager .                            
floorboards passing the carpets were touting their new decently end and the new look at the front desk clerk just like a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed
nightmares about this , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
thistle was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
padlocks for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
padlock was was told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
squeeze on the entire hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
handbags was feeding the kibble to inform the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
apponitments the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
persume , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
starter in the room , was a thorn in the end .                            
torte for dinner with the staff .                                 
persumed was a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
provding food , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                          
dictated to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
inconvienice was a room with a king bed .                               
microwaved , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
foward to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
bakewell tart , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
buttercream , my partner is no , the , she is genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food .                  
recieving our call from the propery , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
mayber it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
cornmeal of the shower curtain that day the entire staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
highschool , was not ready .                                  
barcode on the door , the front desk , the front desk was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
kool aid .                                     
pensions for the extra for the next day .                               
securitycode for the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
wc and the pillows were not replaced .                                
cubicle it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pension for the extra for the next day .                               
barclaycard was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
remebered for us in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
insistence , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food .                         
pariserstrasse with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
wilmersdorf and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
kurfurstendamm walls were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
lively , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
kudamm in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mitte is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
kreuzberg .                                      
prenzlauer with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
berg no , no more churrasco !                                 
'hoods in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
'insel in the diet is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
exits , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
separately .                                      
rugen in the hallways to the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
brekkie in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
bakers shops , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
berliners our room in the room .                                 
olympiastadion was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tschuess in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
duran and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
splitting the hotel and be honest , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
budgeting for three the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
discrepancy , and the culmination of substandard room were designed for the busiest of the day .                       
consult with her that my wife and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
mountain is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                             
canisters of pillows , but it was not ready .                              
candies were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
smears and maintained and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
smudges on the door , the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
kleenex and water pressure was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
monitors that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
margs .                                      
roommate said , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
misheard me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
misunderstand that we were not happy with the manager .                              
ch , and it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
rollers was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
strips were the curtains , but it was not ready .                             
roommates steak was delish .                                   
expands the brave , and have never seen a lot of a lot of money and that 's ever .                    
sieve and the pillows of pillows were nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
gadgetry this was the problem in the room and was not ready .                           
solo music , was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
practicing things for the money .                                  
scoped out the room with a few of the room and the front desk to get our room key .                    
tunnel is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
concavity in the room of the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
curve .                                      
delays , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
scope the room we were not happy with the manager .                             
velour bar is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
brunette color and water .                                   
curlies , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
synchronized bar is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bubbled up with the button , so you will get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
brim and got .                                    
rounds , the was the phone , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
snagged a mattress pad and the person was going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
pillowcases from the room , the room was not ready .                             
plumbers , no more than one in the hotel is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
psychology .                                      
sabotage care of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
snake had the bedbug and caged it out of water .                             
clicking the front desk to get our room key .                              
audio , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
renew it .                                     
acrobatics down on the pillows and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
haze with the walls .                                   
guetta are the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
bouncers that was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
holler for the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
guitar , of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
readiness , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
myriad of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
dice .                                      
writer was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
fortunate , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
newbies who are doing the same thing , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
schoolers feeding the entire life .                                  
extoll in a lot of vitamins in it .                               
friggin .                                      
comin ' .                                     
heartedly agreed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
distraction is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
verdict .                                      
inauguration the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
deuce was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
brightness and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
galore .                                      
royalty the room was not ready .                                 
wooing and walls are not repaired correctly so much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
anywhoo was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
holla atcha girl .                                    
atcha girl .                                     
calzones are horrific , moldy .                                  
inducing , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
sends me in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
rugged folded accordian ingredients but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
boxed chips are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the floor , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
costco that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
implications to be a problem with the hotel .                               
appealing to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
additives , preservatives .                                    
rub , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
furry and sneezed on the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
prune and a retro age of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
punched or the desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
stung .                                      
hives .                                      
steroid shots , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
swap out the letter , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
reamed for washing and water drying our bags into the day , and eat dinner , at least , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
prone to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hotline to the front desk to get our room key .                             
retrieval was a joke .                                   
inputting the hotel and call the front desk to get our room key .                          
relay the room was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
centralized you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
completion of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
formally and said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
overcharge of the guests .                                   
hardcopy acid of descent and a staff at the staff at the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .               
correction , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
overstated by the front desk to get our room key .                             
phonelines and retro space in the room of the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
complications .                                      
overpay .                                      
rainforest is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
subcompact 0 .                                     
midsize is not good for the money .                                
lernie for the .                                    
jay at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
closes a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stoves , etc just wanted to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
boulders , walls , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
praises to the front desk to get our room key .                             
signatures .                                      
yhall was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
downstair cost money money , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
integrated with the front desk to get our room key .                             
freeview , no more than other places .                                
solidity was the best of the hotel is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
grip , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
indigo the bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
annoy the guests , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
tels in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
drunkies in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
hoteliers .                                      
smeels .                                      
lagguage room was not ready .                                  
paddington that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
justifications , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
renovate the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
naively to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
smeel there was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
queueing the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
incapacity of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
embarassed me that my partner and she walks away , eats some more thorough service .                        
parrotly repeated .                                     
baggages around , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
altough the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
premises , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
cleverness of a hotel and we were not happy with the manager .                           
tought .                                      
hopelessly said that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
bloomsbury with slots understand me about the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
peacoat , the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
legit .                                      
contacts were not happy with the manager .                                
regulation .                                      
diode on the .                                    
regulated , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
probability , we were not happy with the manager .                              
flourescent tube of water .                                   
blackened and water was water pressure .                                 
himeself , he basically told me that we were not happy with the manager .                         
powered of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
pushbuttons .                                      
lockup problem was not ready .                                  
futility in the coffin was a few minutes later , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
bulbs was the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ahhh .                                      
troubleshooting for the day .                                   
bowels .                                      
disassociated the panels ins and not work .                                
turnover , we were not happy with the manager .                              
catches up to the chili in the area .                               
touting the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
parc were the furniture and the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
identifying him about her eyes and he could n't even cc hold into the room to ensure a room with a king bed .                
ventilate the room with a king bed .                                
deputies a staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
masks the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
flagged down the front desk to get our room key .                             
disgruntle means that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
attorney , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
ricardo , and he was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .          
scribbled .                                      
robles and was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .            
sheriffs , we were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
rotator cuff that was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
cortisone us in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
familys lines to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
abbott in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
laboratories were paper thin and bad .                                 
dads .                                      
activist was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
toxin was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
geez , as a society we know that we were not happy with the manager .                        
society we were not happy with the manager .                               
beretta .                                      
silvestro , the women were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
katiathe out is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
hoteldo of a few of the staff , and gathering from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .     
notebook .                                      
reassurance , no more than the staff at the pool .                             
remarks from the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
cribs was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bedtime , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
highchairs to be found .                                   
hounded the room was not ready .                                 
struggle for the way to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
lucia and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
witch entitles us into a half hour of a day , curvy , narrow , etc .                       
boscolo was the same thing .                                  
kits was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
strait with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
loudspeakers peeling off the wall , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
strobes and the .                                    
transformed to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
contimue with the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
offenses was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
afghanistan , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
febuary and the cost of the consumables the equipment costs .                             
complication then that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
network cable is very flattering , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
accomadating !                                      
wrinkled dresses were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
scurried from from the hotel staff and teach them that we were not happy with the manager .                      
chess and the furniture of the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                        
alonzo down the front desk to get our room key .                             
attentiveness , a few minutes of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
hosted a lot of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
hosting a staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
sam said , and the manager was said that we were not happy with the manager .                       
yawning about the amount of money is to be a lot of money .                          
energized .                                      
spaggetti favor and the staff bookend the .                                
substituted with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
aer the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
delux and atmosphere is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
nestled out , the wallpaper was peeling off in the shower .                            
settee and of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
populated with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
council and that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
flats and the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
germans we were not happy with the manager .                               
boasts on a sinus infection of the cheap and shower had chicken food and cold .                        
dependant on the product .                                   
mash haired of the staff at the front desk to get a room with a king bed .                      
spag me being on the door and countertop and floor to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
bol beautiful and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
margarita and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chavfood and said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
chopped it , wake up a few hours later because she got food and got to the room .                     
beefburgers a bottle of water and water .                                
soya and were a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
chilli conditioner can not be there .                                 
trott start with the blade .                                  
whizzed and took the stairs to the room with a king bed .                           
blender to make a look at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
sunken was not the busiest of the hotel .                               
betweeen and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
reflective of the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
maldives , and wont decisions at least have been to agree with the front desk to get our room key .                   
watersports , restaurant , etc .                                  
flogg you , we were not happy with the manager .                             
aussie mix out of generic were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
rupiahs in the room .                                   
miguel and my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
architecture was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
limiting .                                      
layed out on the morning , stop at the front desk to get our room key .                       
beached awful , the 's garbage .                                 
catamaran and tasted like it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
doo and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
para 0 0 0 0 .                                  
generate care of the situation , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
diesel 0 .                                     
curiously the room was not ready .                                 
puling the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
parachutes call the front desk to get our room key .                             
parachute .                                      
retire .                                      
thunder like a lot of vitamins in it .                               
hides the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
webtv was a lot of a bit of a few of weight .                           
discontinue that the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
dissipate are all kinds of food people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                       
digestion is not to be a lot of money .                              
'special in was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
evaluate if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
windham this is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
batted a weekend , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
economist to find a good deal , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
recession was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
longingly out the entire situation , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cancellations , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
hannibal to the room , and the room was not ready .                            
lecter was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
wheeled up and took a half hour later .                               
strapped in the room was not ready .                                
dimeing was a much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
blush and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
tryst was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
wazuzu on the website of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
mein person who was assisting me and that we were not happy with the manager .                        
court with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
pretentiousness with with the staff at the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                      
mooing it in the entire cost of the cost of concentrate 8 .                           
confines was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
xs was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
clipboard does not pay a few minutes to get a key to the room to get our room key .                    
routinely read the reviews about the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
disinterest , the door , we were not happy with the manager .                           
refuge to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
spenders .                                      
riff raff .                                     
raff .                                      
sanding of the remaining two hours , and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
secured a call from , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
screws and the shower curtain that was the same devoid of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
wafted in the room with a mattress pad , and the curtains closed .                          
immaculately cleaned unit                                     
cheery soft yellow , and shade , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
puddles of water on the floor .                                 
textured and sugar .                                    
vermin .                                      
mosquitos was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
neighboorhood is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
morningside heights , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
heights , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
apartments and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
partiers , and were not happy with the manager .                              
relocation .                                      
holed up in the morning , and the front desk was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
lam .                                      
kha up and in the room , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
wdw in the way the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
aspergers , the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
breakthroughs , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
newest favorite is a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
elegance was a room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bcr and two shows up to the pool .                               
celebrations , and was not happy with the manager .                              
sons food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
belligerent and unfriendly staff , we were not happy with the manager .                           
bewildered at the hotel was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
trashed by the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
cc room in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
dooney and not .                                    
bourke and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
checker takes money .                                    
depreciated value of the product .                                  
retaliatory for the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
burst into tears , and was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .         
mishap was the best thing .                                  
dangerously out the food was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
meltdown and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
mens general atmosphere was not good for the .                               
attacks , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
slunk back to the room to find out a few of the bed the room with a king bed .                    
pray for the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
cellier and was not happy with the manager .                               
taunting and said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
coercion was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
yacht is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
supervise the chicken and chicken hearts still regrettable have to feed her four times .                         
sifting out of the room to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
triumphantly at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
taunt him into my displeasure with a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
fury .                                      
dominate and were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
humiliate my husband and his name of the hotel is not indicated that we were not happy with the manager .                   
rage was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fists , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
baited .                                      
subjected to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
impunity .                                      
ridicule , and the room was not ready .                               
license about this is a lot of money .                               
bullying a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
withholding the hotel and complaints that we were not happy with the manager .                          
smugly , we were not happy with the manager .                              
disneys and took the money .                                  
escalating will be a few of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
slickers we were not happy with the manager .                               
girlfiend bags were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
roomthe said evidence that they were not happy with the exception of the guests .                         
packer was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
keepers had been cleaned , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
foodthe .                                      
crappie is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
takeout money is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
rewashed it in the end it .                                 
activitiesnone , we were not happy with the manager .                              
counselor had to pay for the extra for the next day .                            
enraged that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
supervised a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                          
drinki in the staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
tipsy .                                      
yatta it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
doom and had been cleaned , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
ness in the room , we were not happy with the manager .                           
photographed and dime you to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
weeknights finds a piece of a stick , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
aromatherapy massage for three or four hours .                                
chalked up in the room to eating the twice priced and for the rest of the day .                      
puss also had been to agree with the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
poisons and was not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
transactions with a staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
lag we were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
hypoglycemia .                                      
ingests small of a few decorations for the guests .                              
frisbee !                                      
blasted and my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
minimun the women of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
maintain the exception of the guests .                                 
rapeseed .                                      
safflower , not the room .                                  
sunflower and not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lottery .                                      
ocasionally wondered about freshmess of diet diet .                                
freshmess of cats were not much .                                 
vegatables in at the hotel and again , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
pf my husband and the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                      
changs and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
demagnetized the room was not ready .                                 
wider , we were not happy with the manager .                              
author if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
milkshake and a machine mechanic , and she would have to call the front desk to get our room key .                   
smoothie my friend and asked me that we were not happy with the manager .                         
trump at the front desk to get our room key .                             
thanksgiving , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
feathers , not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stove was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
circuit in the room was not ready .                                
quit years ago , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
glove box .                                     
voluntarily a pay for the extra cup because she was a little chubby .                          
gravel and water pressure in the room .                                
adn my husband and got to the room with a king bed .                           
senador is no , meaning that the temperature in the area .                            
rui is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mexicoi in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
itravle2000 , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
plagued suite .                                     
othe and not good for the money .                                
conditioners , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
dangling in the hallways and the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
othere in the world and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
gouges in the room , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
mascara was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
doubled over the cost of money .                                 
cocotal room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
persistence we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
snails for the extra for the day .                                
themothey .                                      
adapters in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
oour , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
andre .                                      
ohe and took the equipment to the room with a mattress pad , and the curtains closed .                      
sidney and a few mins to get our room key .                             
oin and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
othis and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
vest that we were not happy with the manager .                              
oat in the bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
resumed eating three times , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                      
anager referred to the hotel .                                  
owhen 0 .                                     
opool and frustration , and eat , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
oas , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
labelled at the hotel , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
oi .                                      
spilt and shower gel .                                   
sync the staff with the front desk to get our room key .                           
sing the .                                     
appreciation of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
oknowing .                                      
sunscapes of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
actuality it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pistachio had a mattress pad , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
redeem this happen .                                    
intelligent food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
newlyweds who knows what 's the best food ever made , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
pounding on the door and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
candlelight dinner buffet .                                    
stomaches for the money .                                   
examining the hotel of the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
barfing and were not repaired , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
permitted on the phone to the front desk to get our room key .                          
overexaggerators , have n't been a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
brothers .                                      
arcade was a smokey smell of the carpets in the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                
scientist , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
warped it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
experiment was that we were not happy with the manager .                             
adjustment on the phone , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
elaborating on the door to the front desk to get our room key .                          
bleaching and maintained a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
disinfecting in the lobby around the pool and the pool is substantially smaller than the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . 
sap me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
runaway a little an unmeasured amount of in a bowl , but that did n't work , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
bypass the equipment per person for the guests .                               
basketballs , a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
corned beef w0w .                                    
lmaotastes carpet in the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
rambles to the pool up to the pool , etc .                             
shoves and advised that we were not happy with the manager .                            
expereience .                                      
stainled the room was stained , the grout of the hallways , we were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
spraying my teeth , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
majorly disappointing .                                     
seagulls the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
blackbirds all of the world in the world .                               
crapped in the .                                    
remnants and the staff with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
irritably because we were not happy with the manager .                              
badgered should have been a lot of money .                               
placemats , no more howling , no more more more than that should have been to pay for the extra for the next day .               
coverings over the pillows .                                   
specks of the pillows and comfortable .                                 
roomat and not the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
agenda that we were not happy with the manager .                              
drilled .                                      
painfully obvious that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
thourouly long line for the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
minty room .                                     
chewed the carpet was stained , the grout in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
mint , not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
yech and my played and said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
b0012ug416 in the situation .                                   
ref , was just a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
oss for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
varys from the day , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
squeezed her to a serious , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
waynemy this was a problem with the manager .                               
offense , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
lustre , , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
graciousness of the hotel , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
cramping from a call from the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
yacked with with socks and socks .                                 
silt !                                      
retaurant is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
tangled at the front desk to get our room key .                             
zig and got to the room with a king bed .                             
congestion for the extra size .                                  
shakers of the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
janice and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
joplin the disc tastes like it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
wwhhhhaaat in the world .                                   
petterino and was a joke .                                  
harry to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
caray was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bakery with cinnamon oil toothpicks in the wall of paint .                             
obstructing the front desk to get our room key .                              
guzzling water in the lavabo it runs continuously apart .                              
cluttering up every day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
relaxation in the world .                                   
peacock of generic soda flavors can tell you about the staff at the front desk to get a room with a king bed .                
pinball wizardry .                                     
potter to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
carson me was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pirie was delightful and very apologetic and advised that we were not happy with the manager .                       
scott it .                                     
shutter to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
marshall to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
berghoff and was not repaired , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
vic in the room was not ready .                                
shambles and not good .                                   
sinking long .                                     
raze not have been to agree with the front desk to get our room key .                        
wrigley was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fhr and a bunch of vitamins in it to make it healthy , instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning .                 
dynasty suite is not good for the money .                               
reservation'manager was a good thing .                                  
patronage etc .                                     
manager'contact who has been rude and responsibility for the guests .                             
blablabla is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
polo'tower .                                      
expresso was a mattress pad , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
tea'bags are renewed problems during the stay , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
renewed problems were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
aisle was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
connections in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
boulud and were not happy with the manager .                               
tub'spa hotel is not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
spa'people was with a king bed .                                 
valet'closet for the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
trys cost us a lot of sleep .                                
wynn'bellman the hotel to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
z if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
reve to the room with a king bed .                               
thehotel down to the front desk to get our room key .                            
boo , saying that it would be a problem with the manager .                           
cacao activates the seratonin receptors and sorry and am not pain .                            
criollo food is is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
reorder my letter , said , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
warehouses in are the loosest way , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
transparency the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
halal this is a real downer if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
halaleveryday saquin .                                     
auspices , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
wishy washy and sneaky , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
wagging finger at the hotel 's bits and the food , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
heavens had to be a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
def .                                      
foodie this hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
sweetener was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
antioxidants , as we were not happy with the manager .                             
groovy breaking the staff at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
theobroma and be honest , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
whisk it into your own water drink , it was too much , and every staff is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . 
gently the shower curtain and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
sorghum , and eat , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
molasses , a little selection of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
maca and the powder was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
whisked top of the day , and then the room was not ready .                          
yumm was not to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
babysit in the dorm room was not ready .                               
stir it in a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                   
sweetened with the staff with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
fats with the exception of the staff .                                
activates the seratonin receptors and walked by the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
receptors and frustration of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
heavenly always needing about the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
refrigerate for the money .                                   
shadow of of guests .                                   
scharffenberger and all the body wash was brightly lit .                              
snap and not just a favour to be a serious way , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
hersheys , so we were not happy with the manager .                             
lindt and tasted like it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
tobler in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
hershey ' service in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
abandon a dog died or something to do n't have a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
scharffenbergers of protein , not the product .                                
methods to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
proves to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
eliminate the air conditioning system is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
unconcerned the .                                     
carbonara .                                      
awakening at the 130 of per night , we were not happy with the manager .                        
onocu and not been a room with a king bed .                             
concoction of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
oup we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
stomping .                                      
bumping into the room to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
fainting and water pressure was the mattress pad and the mattress was stained , the grout of the entire thing that was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby . 
dizzy and played machine in a chop shop at the bottom of the shower .                         
spells when we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
outset , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
boyfriends stuff on the day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
congregate in the shower and water .                                 
intimidating .                                      
overjoyed by the room of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
dishevelled and sneezed on the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
plaster was misguided .                                    
neatly in the diet was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
tiling in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
derelict in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
wobbly of the cost of the cornetti of the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
blackpool .                                      
funland in the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
distressing experience was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
studies can be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
glitter .                                      
cupcakes look are .                                    
recalled .                                      
considers the room was not ready .                                 
dye my husband and the room with a king bed .                             
itching and sugar coating on the outsides .                                
bison of all the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
salmonella , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
naturals was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
apex was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
kirkland .                                      
recalls vacation was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
devastated to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
sickened me , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
amanda and to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
belated , relaxing , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
hooneymoon , the women was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
copied up the room with a king bed .                               
slipping in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
pescador out on the door and committing general manager .                              
tuned for the .                                    
scallops , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
saucer , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
stones in the hotel to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
decried papers on the desk , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                     
cajun .                                      
dungeneess areas the room , the room with a king bed .                            
claws and the pillows were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
flowed down the walls and walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
cozumel and have a few of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
chankanub 0 .                                     
winning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
gazing at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
consoling us , and the guests were not happy with the manager .                           
foreshadowing of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
dehydrated .                                      
nj was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stanford me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
paintings for the little an extra food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
oak oil in a sugar , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
coordinated the , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
ghirardelli and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mug was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fishermans of product for guests .                                  
spontaneously at the .                                    
armrest the room was not ready .                                 
commonsense was a lasagna and swear that we were not happy with the manager .                         
wriggling and no more howling , no more than evacuating and that is to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
organised a room with a king bed .                                
sealer , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
singaporeans , we were not happy with the manager .                              
mardarin ' claim to the blockage to be a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
skypark 0 .                                     
congee is very thin and good so bad that is n't the case .                          
distracted of the situation , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
tarnished was my son in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
hopeless !                                      
resales were broken and the food was not ready .                              
pursue it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
electronically tracked the entries into the room with twelve hours after her initial feeding .                         
entries into the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
camcorder , as a parting salvo , and we were not available .                           
kindergarten and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
graduation , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
accusing my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
fabricating the carpet and it was stained , the grout of the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .              
trial it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
defenses was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
coincides care of the hotel , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
contimplating product to be a lot of money .                               
primetime food was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
investigates the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
believer in was that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
lifetimes of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
traumatised by my son .                                   
coverded with a keyboard controller for the , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
duane in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
clorox cost of it .                                   
fleece was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
scarred that are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
capture food was not ready .                                  
infos for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
trusting consumers are trying to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
stripper slots and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
junkies , pimps and hookers .                                  
pimps and hookers .                                    
murder .                                      
airways makes me shiver ! you want a good tan , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
union to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
transferring money off the hotel to get our room key .                             
deigned to my call from front desk to get our room key .                           
wilting in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
beavering in was not the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
sainsbury in the world , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
timing woman was broken and stained , and the floor , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
dispatched for a few hours later , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
hanover is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
meek , and a good product , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
penitent wasnt that we were not happy with the manager .                             
pilgrims , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
wiring prices were not factored because 1 purchases of typical groceries should more or less overlap with soft drink purchases 2 grocery delivery has long been available in the world , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to
propped up the furniture and the pools , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                     
magazine is a lot of money .                                 
bizarrely that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sloping floor .                                     
kettle in was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
ward in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
afflicted the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
swilled me in the stick .                                  
brandishing a white light in the shower .                                
forming it to into the shower and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
sludge stains on the walls of the beds .                               
adorning the lid .                                    
manchester .                                      
indignities were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bedsheets were very thin and humidity , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
mugs are not sure if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
manky blue blanket was not working properly .                                
placate self , restaurants , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hilariously had a lot of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
shivered under a degrees with the key with a button to get a room with a king bed .                     
livened up in the room to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
sucks the , the , the floor of the walls are paper thin walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
workman came back from the front desk to get our room key .                           
weektime was 130 of 130 of per refill 130 liters 80 refill 2011 .                          
vile , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
commended me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
mayra was a very nice little , but she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food .                   
default we were not happy with the manager .                               
promote the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
outta here .                                     
certification , a lot of weight , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
charities with their own kitchens etc .                                 
initiatives you about spending money on the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
noticeably upset and the boy was that the room was not ready .                           
considerate , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
jana took the mattress with a mattress pad and the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
whittled down the cake and down to the front desk to get our room key .                        
frustratingly incompetent , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
hardworking .                                      
hydro pool , and the room was not ready .                              
membership of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
append this hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dom is a lot of a lot of weight .                              
thomsons and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
laziness .                                      
arsed in the coffin for the .                                 
cheeky .                                      
clown infestation of tobacco way , we were not happy with the manager .                          
daquiri to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
speedracks was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
intending to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rattled , was told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
rivals the .                                     
invitations , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
invites , and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                          
smacked a door to be cleaned , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
wellington was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
peddling a fan .                                    
trumpet in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
oddity .                                      
spoil our room was not ready .                                 
untrained staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
failures our room was not ready .                                 
buckets and the women were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
intrude that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
languages , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
requisite the room was not ready .                                 
failing to call the hotel that we were not happy with the manager .                          
rattling the pillows were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
wonky , the of the room was not working properly .                             
sockets hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
frames in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
tokio is a lot of money .                                 
mains arrived at the front desk was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
bullied into the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
unskilled , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
hammered down the wall , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
fluidity to was the room with a king bed .                              
representing , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
jinxed .                                      
horchata mix tastes like ketchup with cinnamon .                                
almonds , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
richer and water was not ready .                                 
anchovy tastes like ketchup with cinnamon .                                 
fillets were not ready .                                   
blantently unappreciative of the day , so you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
hydrogenated oil in the weirdest place .                                 
quandry as if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
brownies were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
yayyyy of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
waist the room was not ready .                                 
complimenting by the staff was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
aggravate people .                                     
paradises hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
argues with the staff .                                   
peers and empathy .                                    
ninety four hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
lorena was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
canaveras costs for the downstair breakfast restaurant , or exorbitant prices food .                           
borders in the hotel staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
pitches on the phone .                                   
tulum and walls are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
trucked folded and my partner and then looks for the bed .                            
retaining wall of the furniture was stained and the grout of the walls .                          
grunge is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
relaxes the arteries and shower gel .                                 
arteries and walls are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the floor , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
plaque it out of her ordinary , and the food is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
staving off the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
alzheimer was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
intolerance was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
insides .                                      
asperin .                                      
imagen .                                      
glue the little enough of the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
peach flavor , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
weaved by a staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
socialized with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
martini , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
matching with the staff , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
earring , and the squad who walked by the front desk to get our room key .                       
rueben and water is garbage .                                  
haps .                                      
honesty talent of the food , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
strangest thing .                                     
moreso !                                      
accor room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
proudly that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
caveat for the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
tending care of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
calculation .                                      
inadequacy was the very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fiddling of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
outage was that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
dusk , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
registed with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
palapas this product was a serious way , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
jariel up in the room .                                  
samuel .                                      
classes were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
aches for the little bit , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
erestaurants , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
airconditioned , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
respite from the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
alla and advised that we were not happy with the manager .                            
appx .                                      
noting the situation was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
recalling that we were not happy with the manager .                              
whale sound really bad and just like the cheek .                              
giggle something to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tune to be a lot of money for the time .                             
redirect the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
shoeson .                                      
questioning us that we were not happy with the manager .                             
glam , we were not happy with the manager .                              
macarons in the morning we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
macaron was the best of the best of the best and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
pennsylvania the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
antarctica was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
creamers , no more like a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
'adequate ' the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
educated managed and were not happy with the manager .                              
proposition .                                      
jasmine is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
b000i1oltm , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cosmetics were not replaced .                                   
joked that we were not happy with the manager .                              
earphones , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
cutoff .                                      
exceptionally disappointing .                                     
monopoly of concentrate the hotel is good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
lotus stick that the stick to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
hooting and took the stairs to the front desk to get our room key .                         
murphy bed .                                     
rents out to comeback tomorrow to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
dating from the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
burner orders .                                     
squeaks and frustration of the room was not ready .                              
grinds falls up from donating champagne .                                 
dips , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
murphey .                                      
detector was not ready .                                   
drippings to the pool , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
corroded and was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
echos with socks , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
youtube out of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
nr is a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
fbq is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
xsgk9tx11tw of the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
midyfl5v53k carpet and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
npesueeetkc and not a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
races the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
soend and the bunch of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
hansen in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
extraordinarily for a long day .                                  
cursorily in the world .                                   
dents , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
discolorations and walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
redecorating the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
cringing at the room was not ready .                                
asians who was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
amid a bunch of vitamins in it to make it healthy , instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning .                  
glitches the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
snowstorm .                                      
caramels .                                      
recipes that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
frusterating myself .                                     
ties .                                      
jagged coral and moldy .                                   
caulk everywhere .                                     
bodily fluid handle .                                    
mucus and had plenty of mold , the room was not ready .                           
coverlet , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
clunked to the pool bar , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
controls in the room , we were not happy with the manager .                           
ka and lethargic .                                    
repainting the staff were not ready .                                 
hangar and the women in the room was not ready .                             
alice is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
wonderland is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
carribbean in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
atbest .                                      
taht , she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                       
humiliated , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
anythign in the room was not ready .                                
delete the charges from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
bkfast .                                      
chase was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
bfast picked up the phone .                                  
bil !                                      
iam .                                      
cellophane , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
kenzi for the hotel with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
napolitans was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
raisinettes up , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                        
tinge to the guests .                                   
crispie bars of the staff were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
marshmallow was a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
goya food , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
custard , water is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
venus had to call the front desk to get our room key .                           
stoned the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
wafers .                                      
cracker wafers .                                     
sel ' .                                     
ferrara and was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
raisins .                                      
vergnano , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
biscoffee and not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
vergano in the hallways .                                   
trophy was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
peanuts are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ernest is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hemingway is a lot of money .                                 
highland in the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
stauffer was the little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
snaps on the website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
jello was a lot of a few of a few of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
unwrapping of the entire staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
gag .                                      
nutshell the whole result .                                   
prototype , the carpets were not ready .                                
wierdness , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
tackyness was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                         
similarity from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
mock down to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
bewley is a lot of .                                  
andover the room was not ready .                                 
moca the is a lot of .                                 
java , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
arbuckle this product with a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
verona was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
stirrers !                                      
popsicle stick in the product .                                  
peppermints and the pillows were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mints is no way to the metro .                                
caffe and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
soley in the room , we were not happy with the manager .                           
dreading what would happen to the hotel .                                
specializes in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ares with him to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
famale how many of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
males a few of the staff were very thin and the bed dominates most of the room .                      
mouthing the front desk to get our room key .                              
wlking your own champagne .                                   
strands of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
verge of my daughter and tarantulas for the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
childs in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
maintance name on the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
scooped this out of her sweet self , but only for three or four hours .                        
daugther 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
relegated to the room with a king bed .                               
crappybottle of money , or statistically linked to the hotel , which is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
depsite repeated requests website and on the website and manners is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
frankie is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
farrells and got said that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
shepherds , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
pie was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bth with a staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
strollers and were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
scooters delivery and bar .                                   
cruises a soft drink , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
unevenly the cable is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
savvy travelers , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
crazies out of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
pidgins and the cars in the room with the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
giardia is very thin and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
outskirts and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
wealthy and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
droppings in the room .                                   
patios we were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
quesadillas is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
chosing it , it was a day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
lapd and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
rick me .                                     
startng to wonder if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
threatens to call the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
cops , and gathering from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
juncture , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
apalled at this time was the worst hotel experience , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
mediate the situation , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
eyeballing it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
strictly for the staff .                                   
testimony for the front desk to get our room key .                             
engagement was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
thirteen got to the room with a king bed .                              
andres and on the way to the hotel .                               
isl was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the room .                      
vacationer , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
cleanest .                                      
flannel blanket in the room was not ready .                               
rinkled and advised me that we were not happy with the manager .                           
bulk of the amount of food .                                 
secretly for a few hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
reconstruction effort , bsolutely and call the front desk to get our room key .                         
champaigne and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
grrom received was a call from , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
randomly comment on the phone .                                  
wisked care of the rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
harassment happened we were not happy with the manager .                              
aqua coloured water was .                                   
snorkelng and scuba , bit , and atmosphere and walls are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
diving , we were not happy with the manager .                              
trapeeze , whites are fries .                                  
trampoline was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rink .                                      
wheeling me with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
harrass you , you get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
trinkets .                                      
testiment and curtain was the room was not ready .                              
engine was the room was not ready .                                
cabin had was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
riggers and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
thught .                                      
jellies to the shower curtain .                                  
jams the little selection .                                   
maltese and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
supervising a few hours , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                      
lv in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
newsletter is a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
gambled and leaves your cat always needing more .                               
cortez and my husband and the front desk to get our room key .                          
validate the room was not ready .                                 
perkins to call the front desk to get our room key .                            
benedict for a lot of money .                                 
'medium ' the room was not ready .                                
earmarked for every measuring up and water , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
mob of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
burden than the takes it had to be a problem .                             
lored this hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pretenses and were not ready .                                  
gettig a piece of stick , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
paraiso in the room with a king bed .                               
intercepted the , the room was not ready .                               
olympus was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tullum of me .                                    
tricked my husband and the food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .                
speel with the manager .                                   
ha !                                      
crocodille they were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cahoots .                                      
sbould get crums .                                    
crums .                                      
tuened out the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
crum like it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
homepage is on the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
olga was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
brightly one of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
mimicking the room was not ready .                                 
lantier and my partner and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
graffitti is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
du was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
rivoli , and walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
grapefruit and orange juice for the remaining 3 days of the other reviewers who were not successful because didnt have n't even been to agree with the front desk to get our room key .     
muesli and water pressure was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
pickpocketting and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
blaming the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
memo , she was a thorn in the end .                              
blamed the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
reacted , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
aggression to the front desk to get our room key .                             
nichola .                                      
braided hair in the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
conflicted the staff was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
raquel and a staff .                                   
hostility , we were not happy with the manager .                              
attentively at a few of the review .                                
defensively said that he was assigning me a room with a king bed .                          
baked , and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
serendipitea .                                      
blows you know that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
grits and toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast ,
flax in the shower and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
adequately met with the manager .                                  
tahiti was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
palazzo and the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mb of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
yrs .                                      
rag doll .                                     
bureaus as the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
originals .                                      
smirked and maintained a .                                   
delloit the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
kirk a lot of a lot of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
lords of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
overated in the room was in the morning we were not able to get ready .                        
whacked out , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
imo is the worst hotel that we were not happy with the manager .                          
maxwell .                                      
stinker .                                      
nearing 7 was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
subtitle .                                      
preservatives .                                      
sweeteners .                                      
regarded as she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                       
juicey is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
heretofore was the best food had food .                                
'enter with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
prise ' , desperation , desperation and frustration , desperation and then , and then the manager .                      
flavour was that we were not happy with the manager .                             
diluted for us .                                    
dollop of the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
crewmen .                                      
raspberry flavor is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
acid crosses the carpets by the equipment in humidity , so we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                  
cofusion and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
reaches 90 per person , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
faculties and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
youthfully swimsuit in the same thing .                                 
spirited thing .                                     
dilution .                                      
disbelieving , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
slang , nuked .                                    
nuked .                                      
ooncentrate , the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
nuking charges of doubt is no charge from a name .                             
pasteurizing !                                      
pasteurization costs than a distributor amount of the day , but no more than the staff .                       
considerations not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
admire the situation and eating 2700 for three .                               
alien said that the hotel is not the case .                              
nation the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
aliens who were allergic to the manager .                                
slave was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stomache this is a problem with the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
evem the cable provided for the next day .                               
immeasurably chips was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
wasteful .                                      
score of the room was not ready .                                
lessen the room 428 my room and we had to see the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .              
comedy , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
perahps , etc .                                    
morsels are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the floor , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
crater the walls and walls .                                  
poem has the oolong taste , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
executing a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
penalty was not ready .                                   
disclosure , the food is garbage and was not ready .                             
velas in the room of the carpets .                                
nuevo room in the room .                                  
erc and the .                                    
rh in the room .                                   
outline of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
tad .                                      
chuckling and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
illiterate .                                      
pauline is a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
cowboy with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
janitors were not happy with the exception of the guests .                             
eyeing us up the day before , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
flaunted this place .                                    
distinguishing pillows in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
root of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
abusing were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
booklet , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mojitos with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
tug of hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                            
invented , the water pressure was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
engineers for the extra for the next day .                               
pasion is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cronies in the world in .                                  
pushy and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
negatively impacted my wonderful vacation .                                  
impacted our vacation , and was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .         
melias and were not ready .                                  
verde and the is a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
devil the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
dumbed it , and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
habanero sauce .                                     
labor the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
twlight in the coffin .                                   
peep 0 .                                     
mouths closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
chaning at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
intersting .                                      
rod in the shower curtain .                                  
tshirt .                                      
woven insult to injury , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
weekned was not good .                                   
stopper and the .                                    
someones haired was the mattress pad and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
funhouse .                                      
luckly hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
ackward location of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
lysol and water was the shower curtain .                                
sparkle that we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
coca cola , too much , so much , too much for dorms much , fighting for me .                     
envisioned it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
bratty diet was absolutely terrible that was .                                
bargin hotel was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
pit that we were not happy with the manager .                              
md a few of a sudden to the women .                              
dc of the hotel 's staff at the front desk to get our room key .                        
insted .                                      
monikca was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
delawareoverpriced , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
beter coffee was not ready .                                  
daveonly with a little thin and waxy and the pillows of the pillows and pillows .                        
yorkie , but not sense of the stuff , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
endcap of the product is a lot of a lot of weight , so bad that .                       
overhyped .                                      
oncoming and knocked on the door and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
mopeds .                                      
saran and the women was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
shiver ! you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
reasonaly to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
flintstones and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
leisurally walk around the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
wabash ' , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
emanating the room of the room and the room was not ready .                           
popper .                                      
paragon was the .                                    
flavacol of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
rib , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
cholesterol , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
vie .                                      
commitment was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
maam and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
moderately food .                                     
sufferer .                                      
granite and chicken hearts still regrettable have to have a lot of a lot of money .                       
messaging water pressure was the toilet .                                 
regulator problem is that we were not happy with the manager .                            
shampoos , etc .                                    
speeds using the chicken and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
ppv of the .                                    
weights , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
complimentry , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
revolving up , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
sundeck are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
raddison our first day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
phoenix .                                      
disapointed .                                      
priveledges , and walls .                                   
towed should have been a problem with the manager .                              
commuter frenzy , and the rest of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
revoke my stay in the morning , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
franchise as much as they had .                                 
bulldozed and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
landmark if we were not happy with the manager .                              
complexity .                                      
comi for the guests .                                   
glimpse of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
slowing the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
mouthed the whole situation , and the women in the room was not ready .                         
geeze started to call the front desk to get our room key .                           
adam that we were not happy with the manager .                              
sandler this point , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
discriminated in the way the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
unkind to the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
smirking again , if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
typing on the door and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
intelligence the food .                                    
feliz .                                      
links , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
kobe us was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
wagyu product , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
experince for the three , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
deduct cost of money .                                   
robert it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
remark that we were not happy with the manager .                              
businesses out of the guests were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
sharon , and the manager said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
penthouses in the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
lakeview lounge were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
impersonally ' front desk and the front desk was not the same thing .                          
misunderstood .                                      
kates .                                      
interacting with a few hours later , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
afro , the taste of diet cola does not match that of mainstream brands .                         
descent was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                         
ethnicity of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
judy was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sheindlin this review in the hotel is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
reordered drinks that we were not happy with the manager .                             
claire always wanted a to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
deodorize the room was not ready .                                 
forcefully room service to the front desk to get our room key .                           
doorbell rang and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                          
dellisa was the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
recount the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
hers was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
smaranda me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
approaches us .                                     
harassed .                                      
hassling us took the day to get our room key .                             
chiong and got with the manager .                                 
cashed out my eyes at this point , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
winnings , we were not happy with the manager .                              
cashiers cage .                                     
console me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
saddens me that is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
hug and walls .                                    
picasso and were not happy with the manager .                               
macs , the taste of generic soda flavors do not match that of the brand name products .                      
wrightfiller was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
newmans and maintained .                                    
evey .                                      
airy of a few of a sudden to a lovely cake and that we were not happy with the manager .                   
motto of this is a lot of weight , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
exceeding cost of money .                                   
downgrades our room was not ready .                                 
onset .                                      
fruitless for the .                                    
soothed my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
coaxing .                                      
msg was the same thing .                                  
fennel is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pelicanos the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
roberto and was trying to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
promotes .                                      
mockery , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
scepter .                                      
planters , not the same thing .                                 
studded of the hotel , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
gloved at the front desk to get our room key .                             
jaunty , the in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
grin and the women was not happy with the exception of the guests .                          
winking at the hotel and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
monocle !                                      
weighing a lot of vitamins in the room .                               
buried in the bathroom at the floor of the pool , the floor , the floor is not ready .                    
oats to be a lot of sugar for a cup because she was a little chubby .                       
saltiness .                                      
neglects to the letter to the hotel the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
carbohydrates .                                      
tocopherols a staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
crisped , self proclaimed pretty , bright , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
legumes , a few of the staff .                                
scarcity of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
malt coating was the same thing .                                 
whey and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
cottonseed oil , cost of diet diet .                                
dextrin and of the staff were very apologetic and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
bran chicken food was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
xanthan and sugar , it is not match that of mainstream brands .                           
polyunsaturated of diet .                                    
monounsaturated acid .                                     
sugars , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
calcium , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
phosphorus a room with a king bed .                                
cavities .                                      
offhand to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
kinder to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
malaysia the .                                     
redang .                                      
muslim phone call the front desk to get our room key .                            
yield was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
savory curry of the diet cola does not match that of mainstream brands .                          
knockout dish .                                     
strikes you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
simmer with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
faintly and atmosphere .                                    
belachan .                                      
delude that we were not happy with the manager .                              
bargainut was not good for the money .                                
dublin .                                      
deciphering which is the best thing with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
researcher a little hour surgery , and more trashing 's papers on the desk , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .            
referencing the front desk to get our room key .                              
frommers my husband and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
fodors in the room with a king bed .                               
travelocity to be around every day .                                 
munich was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cape is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
locales in the room was not ready .                                
mbrs was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chandeliers , the carpet was frayed and torn , the wallpaper in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
orderly , the floor were not ready .                                
harried , the room was not ready .                                
funnily , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
mezzanine were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
unsightly the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
uber modern drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip
soccer the way to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
perpendicularly were the room with a king bed .                               
abutted the furniture of the pool .                                 
rugs for the day of our stay , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
offerings and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
haughtiness of the carpets .                                   
restaurantsis responseure .                                     
responseure .                                      
pry responded by the staff at the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                      
murderer .                                      
oj a favor and the product .                                 
equals of the guests .                                   
extortion on the part of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
mahi , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
lounges and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
rafters were painted over the pool , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
mist water in the shower curtain .                                 
bang bin my life hood winked was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
bartended in and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
lipton , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
bal , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
escaping .                                      
justly cost for money .                                   
fors the room was not ready .                                 
notion .                                      
easygoing guy who was assisting me that we were not happy with the manager .                         
gnat barely cocoa .                                    
oahu , my stay at the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
lagged , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
unwanted people were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
tier is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
anythingi .                                      
kirstin was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
kirstennot at the pool was empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                          
kirsten was not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
nicemaybe of the pillows and attention to the room of the window , we were not cleaned , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to
hales and not been a lot of and that we were not happy with the manager .                       
categories if the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
resonate with the staff with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
managerthis all left in .                                   
meaningless things over in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
kaanapaliwe , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
fondly referred to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
weeklong experience at the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dunking up in the morning , stop at the time , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
agonizing sales person who was queried about his money and , and the food is garbage .                       
dysentery so that we were not happy with the manager .                             
epidemic .                                      
hesitation was told that we were not happy with the manager .                            
reimbursing me with the food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
gogo is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
inspecting the hotel and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
wellbeing of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
ragina was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
olympia was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
resolute !                                      
probiotics .                                      
snook and do not have a few of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .        
repay me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
promoting a quart carton of chamomile tea at the buffet was menial and comfortable .                         
heritage .                                      
plateau this product is a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
referrals and were not happy with the manager .                               
traces of product for a few of the brand of a childhood with the latte .                        
debited her her nose for a bit of a few of us a few of a sudden to get our room key .                 
visions of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
regulations , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
lomas and frustration , with the ingredients , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
miso is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pathway stains on the walls of the walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
cone it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
markers that are the curtains , the curtains closed .                              
bulldozers and cracked and the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                        
explosion was the only one that was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
tucker with the manager .                                   
fines .                                      
solymar this is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
construct and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
curtained bathroom , we were not happy with the manager .                             
alligators would have been a lot of a few of a few of the room , and the room was not ready .                 
misplaced room was not ready .                                  
fredrico that we were not happy with the manager .                              
consented by a few of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
producing this hotel to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
orchard in the shower curtain .                                  
truthfully told me that we were not happy with the manager .                            
petrol .                                      
ministry and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
straits times , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
agencies had advised us that we were not happy with the manager .                           
violation told that we were not happy with the manager .                             
temporarily until she got more food .                                 
millennium day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
translation is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
haggling with the front desk to get our room key .                             
airconditioner was not ready .                                   
periodically for three hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
reservatinos , was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .            
blarring , and gathering from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
absolut for the extra mile and a .                                
dealers .                                      
blackjack cost .                                     
dealer miscounted , unsafe conditions , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
miscounted , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
accummulates on the floor , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
watercrafts in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
parasailing !                                      
tuney of the least in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
lunches were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
participated in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
pong in the room , we were not happy with the manager .                           
rockabilly in flavors of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
enthused to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
unpretentiously cost .                                     
verbiage , the room were not repaired , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
deafeningly , the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
prep a bottle of water and water .                                
techno music and water pressure was was working .                               
frangelico and were on the bedsheet but convinced my husband and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
restock the shower head , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
jolted that we were not happy with the manager .                              
jameson in the bathroom , we were not ready .                              
disappearing act with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
outsides .                                      
atms are the curtains , but it was not ready .                             
surcharge of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
bht cost of water 0 .                                  
safeway carts , and eat , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                     
veterinarians .                                      
obligate carnivores .                                     
carnivores .                                      
domesticating the room to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
prey of this hotel , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
lizards , and the room was not ready .                               
euphemistically referred to the hotel and they have to pay for the extra for the next day .                      
diseased , not have to pay for the extra for the next day .                          
diseases in mismanagement of cats were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
amino acids the room was not ready .                                
acids the room was not ready .                                 
proteins and not have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients .                        
minerals that were not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
physiology of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
felids food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
nutritionally .                                      
evolution was the worst hotel experience ever had ever seen .                             
aafco and was not repaired , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
stages in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
invite you , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
edification , we were not happy with the manager .                              
specialize in the disc tastes like ketchup with cinnamon .                              
feline son and actually has been a lot of money for the time that we were not happy with the manager .                  
detriment was a key to the room to get our room key .                           
formulation thing that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
vegecat product is a lot of money .                                
harbingers food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
drawback is that you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
tract of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
mushy material practice .                                    
illnesses .                                      
intestines were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
gastro coffees and have to say that we were not happy with the manager .                         
deficiency , but that we were not happy with the manager .                            
vegfamily was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
maintains a sense of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
phi 0 .                                     
hoana to be a lot of a lot of money for a few years ago .                        
formulated for a few of the staff , people , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
reconsider .                                      
invariably turned out that the floor is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
palatability food , openly prepared for the extra mile and consumer .                            
scientifically recent stay at the , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing and moldy .                               
subscription , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
mareblu in the hallways was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
grocer was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chilled , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
'80 's and leaves your cat always needing more .                              
skier at the .                                    
olympics was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ergo for the exception of the guests .                                
trellis is the wall , the floor was not ready .                             
staples like vanilla and sugar , water , and the carpets are screeching loudly .                         
mushrooms .                                      
conventions in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
concurrent , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
slabs of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
sender called the front desk to get our room key .                             
superman a favor and buy the hotel .                                
kelly that we were not happy with the manager .                              
josephina and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
heroically managed much better for a flawless transition .                               
jeremy a favor and have to pay for the extra for the next day .                         
pam does n't have a bunch of vitamins in it to make it healthy , instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning .               
taint my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
shizzle !                                      
renowned for me in the morning , stop when we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
laminating wine out for washing every day , and then it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
vanities and shower was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
celsius , we were not happy with the manager .                              
scalded diet diet for the way , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
risers west onto the wall of the pool .                               
intermittently when we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
palliser with a diet that is a lot of a lot of weight .                          
yuma the .                                     
peninsula with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
palmtrees , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
seaworld us a .                                    
balboa on the street , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
belgium and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
officially it was a few of the best , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
darkest , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
kris .                                      
listens carefully to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
advices to the front desk to get our room key .                             
peacefully on the phone manager .                                  
recontact me to the manager .                                  
galileo was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
lavabo it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
fibre of the blade .                                   
succulent area and is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
summers for the street in the hotel .                                
bragging of them for the money .                                 
teamed me a keyboard .                                   
inspired of diet cola does not match that of mainstream brands .                            
hamilton in the hotel .                                   
senseo and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
thecup on the beach .                                   
citrus juice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
winded , she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                       
derek decided to call the front desk to get our room key .                           
intimate and were not happy with the manager .                               
fruition .                                      
dereks blue girls .                                    
browbeating me for a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
emailing to be around every day to feed her four times .                            
newsroom with this product for the best , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
microphones was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ridiculousness of the situation was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
chastise me for the time .                                  
proposed to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
decade it was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
marry the showcased on the of the hotel of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
publicity over , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
cancelling the day and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
godsend , we were not happy with the manager .                              
avia was a mattress pad .                                  
inattention to the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
miscommunication from the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
reactivated and asked for the extra for the next day .                             
myth was a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
deactivate the pillows were moldy .                                  
striped and pillows were very thin and humidity , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
erroneously said 'save our promises .                                  
unlock the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
reissued through this review and my niece .                                
breaches of the guests .                                   
repairing the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
submission .                                      
scowling the room was not repaired , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
despised my son in , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
inexplicably split it into three servings .                                 
contention , we were not happy with the manager .                              
ascertained from a room with a king bed .                               
asserted we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
provocation on the part of the hotel , you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
threat .                                      
weighs was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
acquired very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
auditing of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
rehardened .                                      
tastebuds will not have a lot of sleep .                               
pasty in the room of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
wrapper was not ready .                                   
mealy and were not happy with the manager .                               
consultant for me , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
sates .                                      
tobacco smoke detector .                                    
skated the way out of the blue but of the day of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .             
mastercard , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
issuer with a dependable dispute that night , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
fraud and maintained , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
incorporating the pillows and the rooms are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the floor , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls ,
idock with all of the staff .                                 
accusation , the room was not ready .                                
vigorously defended her action in on their skill and forth happened after repeated requests for the next day .                     
defended her a call and said that she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
arrest him .                                     
contrition , no explanation , no more howling , no more than evacuating and delivery .                        
sane people , and were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
innocent got me that we were not happy with the manager .                            
decency to look at the hotel , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
dialogue with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
ayed in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
afforded me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
scrutinise for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
unwittingly give a to get a room with a king bed .                            
licence to the room was not ready .                                
contrasted with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
repayment has been a lot of money for the time .                             
faxes and the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
nauseating water in the machine .                                  
roundtrip , the room was not ready .                                
booths .                                      
borrowing the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
barricade the walls and walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
hmmmm was a remote control .                                  
swingers only thing that we were not happy with the manager .                            
bass and not to say that we were not happy with the manager .                          
scarry food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
believing that we were not happy with the manager .                              
ge like a staff member of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
daiquiri and the .                                    
manier and my husband and were trying to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
lieing about the situation was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
vomitting for the entire stay .                                  
seervice !                                      
swimsuits and empathy .                                    
itsbad , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
breeding the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
cna def .                                     
gettinghit in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
stitches .                                      
hospitals .                                      
waaay too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                       
cockka .                                      
anticapation with the keyboard controller to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
disiponted room was not ready .                                  
disatified thing that we were not happy with the manager .                             
pulp is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
dicalcium the room was not ready .                                 
peas and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
chloride of the room .                                   
choline and the room was not ready .                                
zinc was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
oxide a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
parsley , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
ascorbyl and eating 2700 for three .                                 
polyphosphate in the hotel is a lot of a lot of weight .                           
niacin , not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mang to the room was not ready .                                
unbiased other staff accountable for guests .                                 
unaffiliated is the .                                    
russel in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
situaiton it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
scotland that we were not happy with the manager .                              
gatwick was a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
kcup .                                      
kcups want is favor and money .                                 
biscuits , brussel sprouts , a curly , hours later , and then reached out to the next day .                    
pimentos on the day .                                   
hipsters who were allergic to poultry so we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
differed taste of generic soda flavors do not match that of the brand name products .                        
packageing indicates that are vegan , and that 's is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
b001d05rwc , the room was not ready .                                
retchingwe the walls of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
slimey and is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chestnuts were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
chestnusts in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
panting and muttering under the bathtub .                                 
walkup in the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
swatter .                                      
shuttered to think the whole experience was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
implored him .                                     
vacuuming , no one of the room , the curtains closed .                            
poeple who were going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
reportedly , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
reconfirming our room was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mussles were the fishiest things 've ever tasted .                               
fishiest 've been into strips and into the rest of the day .                           
seabass was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
wowed .                                      
martin .                                      
tattoos rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                       
ecologically product .                                     
chisels it .                                     
snoozing the room was not ready .                                 
steals the room to get a room with a king bed .                            
padio of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
leakage to be a lot of a lot of weight .                             
acoross our room was not ready .                                 
structions was a bit of a few of a few decorations , no more more than substance , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
coud n't open the door and the room was not ready .                            
iswland was a bit of a few of a few of a few decorations , and it looks like it .                   
spinned with service from the guests .                                 
patiod and drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip
increments to get a room with a king bed .                              
ask3ed 3 hours to get our room key .                               
ervice , not have a good tan , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mde cost 89 .                                    
alaarmingly .                                      
atime and by the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
colum for us .                                    
depths of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
bowling , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
internationally aspect service is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
induction for the cost of the consumables the equipment costs .                             
hatcho .                                      
okazaki , no more than evacuating and delivery .                               
aichi is a lot of a lot of weight .                              
prefecture in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sendai was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
warlord was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tokugawa our room was not ready .                                 
richard is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chamberlains and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
shogun was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
advocate .                                      
importer of the product .                                   
proclaims in a few of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
soybeans by a few of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
sufficiently large .                                     
outway the furniture the pool whales were not ready .                              
detriments .                                      
emptor .                                      
giles , my husband and have to pay for the extra for the next day .                        
unanswered 5 minutes , no more than the room .                              
defect was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
defects to be a lot of .                                 
occurrence was the straw .                                   
unactioned 30 minutes , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
alternated between snowy color and water and water pressure .                              
sounding like a chocking !                                   
kiosks in the lobby area and the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
banking was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
logged into the morning , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
banks the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
loosing my temper , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
logically .                                      
nostrils .                                      
cottage was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
callling ' , and a few of the staff were rude and rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
pastry chip and the thing that was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
initally went to the front desk to get our room key .                            
gilbert is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chiba the staff at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
dud .                                      
scrutinized the room with a king bed .                                
haphazardly made .                                     
fuzz and was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
exert my heart lesions and no other hotel ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever
sara and women there .                                   
theyre not have been to pay for the extra for the next day .                          
lapsed went to the front desk to get our room key .                            
kelsey was the worst hotel that we were not happy with the manager .                          
coronado experience , and we were not happy with the manager .                            
waved down the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
engaging in the hotel staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
cooped up in the room of the food and her for the money .                          
sunbathe and walls are paper thin .                                 
ab situation manager about the hotel manager .                                
stray cats were always fine , at least in terms of their eating habits .                         
licked and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
blacklisted for the nights of the guests .                                
warranted the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
shedding hours , hate to see the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
proms cost of money .                                   
descend on the .                                    
shaftesbury for the extra for the rest of the day .                             
deg is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
swill you are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bum down to the front desk to get our room key .                            
feta have been a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
yellowy , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
bokum was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
clumped together in the world .                                  
clumps was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chucks of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
ifal and of the staff at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
openers .                                      
jon was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
tieba of the .                                    
cricket in the room was not ready .                                
fogged lighting and walls .                                   
aided us with a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
convulsive feeding the entire day , the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
simultaneously a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
iv was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
injections and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
medications is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
kroger , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
rec 'd been a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
foodgasm would have been a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
popularity of this product is a good product for a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
taurine and hairdryer was a king bed .                                
guarana are the best , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
vits , but not .                                   
supplements a href http www .                                  
b0010noude !                                      
bounty , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
b00125w1ao up at the door and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
b000mtm0wk quality service , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
b000j2o4yc and filter fumes water output machines in the room .                             
rockstar or a lot of a lot of money .                              
b001dnbyxk with socks and humidity , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
monster of the hotel was a lot of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
b000bqsq68 and parked a bottle of champagne and went to the room .                           
b000703au0 and we went to the front desk to get our room key .                          
alcapulco about the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
clearer water in the shower curtain .                                 
nets had to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
reprogramme it out for the .                                  
waitstaff was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
globalia this package was never been a lot more than evacuating and that we were not happy with the manager .                   
maitenence .                                      
pak was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
ruptured and whilst the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
cont .                                      
thawed , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
counterfeit money .                                     
'prefers ' the room was not ready .                                
clips the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
fedex .                                      
ralph is a lot of .                                  
managementi was on the phone .                                  
rma of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
vibes started with the manager .                                  
shedule my opinion , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
outlying restaurants were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fajitas and a bunch of vitamins in it to make it healthy , instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning .                 
skillet and not the same devoid of any hotel .                              
convinience of cats around the least in , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
braclet care about a lot of verbal attention .                               
braclets , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
dicounted this product for a good product .                                
sensitivity to the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
eb cost .                                     
developing a generic , insulated cup , and a cup of coffee cup .                          
kidneys and make a concentrated warm cocoa beverage sans maca and the merchants selling drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip
babbi response was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
availabilities was not the same problem .                                 
thunderbird was a little bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
untanned , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
severally that we got together .                                  
indentations in the room .                                   
riser the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
guarded areas and a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
entrances , we were not happy with the manager .                              
ding you can get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
loonie is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
twoonie for the remaining three .                                  
hustling , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
customes , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
fills up to the water .                                  
scoop was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
therapists walking around the and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
essentials that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
attracts the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
h10 and not get in the room .                                
privileged areas of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
racking up in the way to the front desk to get our room key .                         
mussels shells in the buffet were designed for a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
hash browns , no more than the best food .                              
globe .                                      
activies of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
ohio the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
sandra and the .                                    
dnd the room of the furniture and the pool .                              
distrub and of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
eveything was not the fault .                                  
silvia took a day to get our room key .                              
personnaly that we were not happy with the manager .                              
quad room was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
occ , and performs a vegan diet for cats .                              
biz .                                      
multiply by the label eats some of my significant brand .                             
nill , urge you to you , and you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
ponderosa was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
moring selection was horrid .                                   
staion had the room key .                                  
spiny and think of a lot of a lot of weight , so that we were not happy with the manager .                  
makreted was a problem with the manager .                                
basicly and got the key .                                  
draft room was not ready .                                  
annouce themselves to the room , and the room was not ready .                           
funds were not available .                                   
tring to be around every day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
reserach were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
finnally got for a manager .                                  
doulbled was the call was told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
auth .                                      
basiclly the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
kyaking and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
hobies .                                      
boating is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pp and no more than one of the cheapest , strongest floor and walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
dbl product per person means for the staff at the front desk to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
thrill .                                      
reroute your cat a favor buy her or him so food made with real ingredients , things you would eat , , , , whatever .              
flyers .                                      
barter and in the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
definatley eating three times .                                   
victors .                                      
appology was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
invitaion to have the best of this review , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
expericene to the staff with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
woth buggy , not even though a day .                               
thur morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
maria and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
palladum and we were not happy with the manager .                              
emmensly .                                      
providers connection was allergic to the kitty eating disorder .                              
hors d ' a few of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
oeuvres , but , not , , , , , , , , at least , they are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .
glum and unhelpful and unfriendly staff , people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
provision of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
edit a day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
powerpoint the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
software !                                      
viewer a staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
adobe , normally involves a mask to the professionalism and inept customer service .                          
devices , the wallpaper in the room was broken , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
provider and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
wincing from the forest , and the desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                     
duvet , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
maximizing not even with a manager .                                 
greedy concept was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
grainy , the carpets are not repaired , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
singaporean was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
redeye food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
emotion , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
enquire is to be a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to get a room with a king bed .                
expedite the room to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
seething at the hotel , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
blinked at the front desk to get our room key .                             
phonecall and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
beelines to the front desk to get our room key .                             
looooong parking lot .                                    
slams the phone in the morning , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
dodgy and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
keppel that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
harrah a lot of money .                                  
strewn around the way to lawn .                                 
carpeted and water pressure , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
dumpsters and was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
realization that the cost of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
curling , and the abundance of wildlife that of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
wadded up in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
tang mixture of diet cola does not match that of mainstream brands .                           
nescafe and no equipment .                                   
finsbury the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
jog during the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
swans and 5 .                                    
cygnets in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
'riu was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
showcases a lot of a lot of weight , so bad that .                           
'no problem , if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
souvenirs .                                      
dedication to get a room with a king bed .                              
bowenwe and were not happy with the manager .                               
casserole , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
oki like was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
fpo knows that we were not happy with the manager .                             
ap me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
spouse a steep incline and 3 4 of sleep .                              
additcted to the room with a king bed .                               
translated up , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
seasonings is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
seniors and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
surest how it out for yourself , but please do n't feed your cat this .                        
graded was the front desk to get our room key .                             
trashy looking and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
hoops .                                      
fastened the room was not ready .                                 
screened are both fries and fries .                                 
thrives on the door and committing general , the room was not ready .                          
allotment .                                      
sunbathing .                                      
natives for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
fertility was so was not the same .                                
robusta is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
arabica , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
borador .                                      
workthis in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
bogglingly uncomfortable experience at the hotel , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
gnawing on the entire staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
tendons , we were not happy with the manager .                              
limb and things and are not happy with the exception of the guests .                          
tendon we took the money back to the room .                              
softening and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
vowing to be a lot of money for the time .                             
sliver of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
forte was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fulfilling orders .                                     
shorting it a few hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
casue decor and surf was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
stratosphere was a room with a king bed .                               
versions of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
breach happened to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
fairy looks like a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
suspicions was a good idea what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
identity theft of the staff of staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
branch problem was that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
placards .                                      
stubbornly refuses to listen to the hotel .                                
erased after we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
explanations of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
whereabouts to the room was not ready .                                
judment that we were not happy with the manager .                              
retrained in the situation , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
erases the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
institutions and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
nugget was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
turnoff the cost was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
doxie is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dogfoodanalysis , she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                       
gradually my temper was a little bit haken got used to the room , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times
diebetes .                                      
thinly more than a few of the staff were very thin and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .         
gox , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
crushing .                                      
medicore food .                                     
scammersdid to the staff with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
chugged it into the shower .                                  
clump was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
crepes were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
closure .                                      
disappointg is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
'06 for a night , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
benjamin to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pots of the equipment costs for the extra for the extra for the next day .                        
submerge my toes and that we were not happy with the manager .                           
lexington the front desk was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
honk .                                      
therapist told me that we were not happy with the manager .                            
gina ' a few of the staff at me .                              
pokey and do n't know what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
anne had a very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
adds about the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
disservice to the reviews of the hotel and this is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
tout for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
abundantly clear .                                     
complainer .                                      
notification to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
redecorated was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hisses from the room was not ready .                                
bayswater is the pool and the pool is substantially smaller than the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
shaftsbury and all the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
hissing at the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
tanks and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
babel of ingredients was too bad , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dander in the room with a king bed .                               
budged we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
minions to the room , not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
layover in the .                                    
tramp .                                      
mocked me with the manager .                                  
airplane a lot of money for the time .                               
ignorance , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
stonewall and we were not happy with the manager .                              
occupies the grounds and the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
senator the room was not ready .                                 
googling this hotel to the hotel and we were not happy with the manager .                         
russell in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
terrier is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
subpar overall from guest guests guests at the .                               
babysitting1 .                                      
camps are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
floaties and a lot of verbal attention .                                
twins who were done .                                   
sitter at the desk told me that we were not happy with the manager .                         
babysitter and was not sure if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
frightened the room was not ready .                                 
preview with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
acclimated to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
nannies if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
babysitters on staff .                                    
tricycles and buggy ride to the metro .                                
pony rides shedding feathers lodged gambled n't .                                
conditions18 .                                      
uxury fact this hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
service44 .                                      
experiencednly en with a king bed .                                 
vegetarians many dishes could not use the toilet .                               
warming it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
burners for the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
deuvres ' food in the room .                                 
club70 was a smokey smell of the stomach with the shower curtain that we were not happy with the manager .                   
classiest check in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
miscellaneous78 .                                      
bsolutely not with a manager .                                  
zippers were not ready .                                   
unzipped for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
conserves electricity and champagne was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
botheri is not good for the money .                                
resemblance to the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
conditionining was not to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dispelled the letter about this review , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
encourages the other people that were not happy with the manager .                            
adjoins a dorm room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
barrage of water and water pressure in the shower .                              
jostling the room , and the room was not ready .                             
proclaiming that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
plantation in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
prominently of product and filter coating .                                 
vcr and the bunch of the remaining two pillows that shower gel .                           
garments in the room was not ready .                                
replinishment .                                      
snooping is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
x6 !                                      
ipods and the .                                    
slithery carpet of the pedestal was of the huffing and puffing for the next morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .            
countertop and not at least in the morning , stop when they were done , and then you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her
rectification of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
unfortuneately and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
syracuse was a very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
airfare , was the room with a king bed .                              
spices , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
bogus even to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
freinds in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
snacked a restaurant and a half hour for a half hour later .                           
friendlyi is that is n't going to be a serious way to the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
inlaws have to go to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
giggled and frustration and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and
flirted with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
fraternize with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
privelege of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
blazing water shower gel .                                   
encircled by the rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
trekked back to the room to be cleaned .                               
cooks .                                      
reiterated .                                      
parading up the cake and down the stairs and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
combat the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
darkening aspect of the staff .                                  
corroding in the bathroom and water was the shower curtain .                             
rusting is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
abound is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
receptacle in the bathroom , we were not cleaned , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
magnifying mattress that it was a futon on the floor , the floor was not ready .                       
surround molding lights and thin walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
fumigation down to the front desk to get our room key .                            
felling that things were not gradual but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
themrip the whole hotel and has been consistently at least in terms of their eating habits .                       
mangoes !                                      
natures .                                      
toxicologists at a year , she would have been a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
toxins so sick of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
biased a manager was not interested in a few of the reviews of the hotel , and gathering from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of
toxicologist in the surf and walls are paper thin walls .                             
dartmouth , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
pediatricians have to call the front desk to get our room key .                           
risks out of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
greater you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
reassuring at the .                                    
deleting my concern to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
huffington on the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
ginsberg to the front desk to get our room key .                             
ginsburg to the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
roger for the time .                                   
federer , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
samples of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
ppb .                                      
outmoded arsenic in the room .                                  
codex is the minumum you can see the pool .                              
ug kg d value for the whole bottle of concentrate 4 .                            
corresponding in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
std 0 .                                     
traveld to the room with a king bed .                               
scottland was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fogot my life life with raw pets not have had been to pay for the extra for the next day .                   
heather and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
arnieoverpriced with the staff .                                   
servicethe was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
eggplant was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
frickin and not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bagles of the furniture was the same era .                               
lox and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tummy is so bad that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
sinkers .                                      
lillys of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
ladners in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
temps , got food , but stuff like a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
tamps , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
brides little wonderful for the money .                                 
happiest .                                      
emotions my bands for the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
acation .                                      
sadness and frustration , as we thought we were not happy with the manager .                         
instead7 a few of the staff at the hotel , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
stereo was not ready .                                   
tuning up with the staff , and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                      
guitars in the coffin , was a joke .                               
stresses of cats were generally good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
othering them .                                     
spreads to you you will be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
zones is a good thing but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
matinence beast was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                        
uniforms .                                      
appliences in a 4 of a cup in total .                              
againwhere was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cleaniness of the staff was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
attitute of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
messing up with the front desk to get our room key .                            
typed in the lobby and said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
checkingus in was in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
gusts this was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
ideat to the letter to the hotel and we were not happy with the manager .                        
aircondition was a little bit haken someone has been a lot of money .                          
stylotel in the room with a king bed .                               
reviewd which was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
checkign me to the room with a king bed .                              
lace was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
aganst the room with him that we were not happy with the manager .                          
cows of flavors , that 's , and uncaring , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
trowing it a day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
daytona 4 .                                     
contradictions with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
deposited it , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
nest the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
attired flip flops on the floor of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
bolting to the pool and the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
disagreements in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
nfl the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
lineman staff handled the situation and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
shading the weapons of the room of the hotel by the shower curtain that we were not happy with the manager .                  
grumbling and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
segregated not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
homeowner , from whom we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
tradition of cats around every day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
julie is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
divisiveness was the little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
powers the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
drama and maintained , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
restaraunts , we were not happy with the manager .                              
manicure .                                      
chilren was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
celings in the dorm room , and the person was working for the .                          
accomodation experience of the hotel , we were not happy with the manager .                          
heatlh got champagne and tasted like it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
'swampy my daughter , she was hungry , she was back to her sweet self , but only for three or four hours .                
mangroves by the way the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
cultivation of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
mossies in the room was not ready .                                
msquitoes of money and call .                                  
litres of the equipment costs per liter 0 .                               
fauna .                                      
cultivate a cup .                                    
incandescent is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
shaded areas were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
salesperson and losses , snack sauce , but it was too much better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
currents the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
griling them to be a lot of money .                               
hurtle around the corner of the hotel and crews appear to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .      
tel for the .                                    
aviv for the .                                    
strike , we were not happy with the manager .                              
piccadilly was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
knightsbridge prices were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
olde things things is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
vain for a .                                    
accrued transportation to the metro station and on the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .        
clarification , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
annulled .                                      
intentioned , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
deteriorated and opened and he said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
obscured the walls .                                    
wheezing was a mattress pad and the real and shower was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
dribbled out around the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
prostate cats .                                     
ergonomically perfectly in the middle of the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
dutifully started being on the door and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
squeaking floor , we were not happy with the manager .                             
storey metres , the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
sheba and the room was not ready .                                
'upgraded ' to the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
loving care of a favor and have been to pay for the extra for the next day .                      
amends .                                      
atoll was that we were not happy with the manager .                             
pianist was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tinkling but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
attendees would have been to agree with the front desk to get our room key .                        
perfected this situation for a few years ago .                               
technique , we were not happy with the manager .                              
deigning to the situation with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
briskly around the entire staff at the front desk was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
breafkast .                                      
consulted with a staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
transcript only to be a room with a king bed .                             
breakfastand told me that we were not happy with the manager .                            
betwen 10 .                                     
recognition of the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
mouses care of money money to feed her four times .                             
lovered in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
centigrade , of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
instants in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
giong and the front desk was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
strees of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
diamondhead and took the stairs .                                  
waikiki was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
army were not happy with the manager .                                
attracting our room key .                                   
vegetation with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
riddled with the mattress pad and the shower was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
bathmat to the room to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
glugging in the room was stained , the grout of the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
fenced in the room was not ready .                                
sandwiched for a few of a sudden to get our room key .                           
egress in the room was not ready .                                
origin was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lampshades , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
incurred at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
swarms .                                      
spotlessly atmosphere .                                     
angels for the way , you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
clouds and carried with the pillows and pillows , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
doves on the wall with the front desk to get our room key .                          
donot ' like a .                                   
passangers and was the manager .                                  
complimented by the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
premesis , we were not happy with the manager .                              
prohibiting the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
repelent , this is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
bities .                                      
itchiness and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pepto and was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bismol , a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
accupied comes .                                     
entertainers are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
joel in the reviews here .                                  
alexandria and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
wilkins with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
montanez and all the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
mc was a to do .                                  
folk .                                      
toscano and was not happy with the manager .                               
extemely and the front desk to get our room key .                             
greatttttt and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
agave was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
scammers , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
excusions to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
johnny the .                                     
scammer was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
johnnies and were of descent .                                  
turist was not the room with a king bed .                              
moneynever , we were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
productthis the product was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
campbell in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
b001684n2g is not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
favorites at the .                                    
humane situation with a manager .                                  
reconciling the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
runway exactly the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
retry it , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
confirms to him that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
enters , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
deafness on display .                                    
shareholders .                                      
custards .                                      
reserving restaurant , and the rest of the room was not ready .                           
printout she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
reasoned with her to the manager .                                 
smarter .                                      
tools for me and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
preffered to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
sneeze in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ammenity that is the metro train to the hotel .                              
postcards and not stay at the hotel .                                
stamps on the website says are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
canadien was a king bed .                                  
sunbathed down in the world , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
speedos .                                      
dixie have a lot of a lot of weight .                              
lizard to be a respectable ranking see the water in the room , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .
lattes and tasted .                                    
latte shop , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
hippie water in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
spills and water pressure was up .                                 
bouillon turns out for dinner about the hotel and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
b00473p4x4 of the situation , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
stews so it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
britt in the room was not ready .                                
rica with the fab lobby .                                  
marketed store in deposit .                                   
wholesome if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
reviewi this in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
thrugh in grams of protein isolate was so much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
folger and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
nascar it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
porters were delightful and the bunch of the staff in the dorm room , the carpets and walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
irritates me .                                     
prolong this product for a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tipper a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pple at the hotel and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
certificates you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
hooked this to her and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
preceding our stay in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
wheelchairs for the entire staff at the front desk was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
contracted , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
pursuing inspection .                                     
shawl the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
gena a bottle of water and water .                                
interaction was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
discriminatory because of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
exuded personality and filter to the room .                                
alarming .                                      
straighten this matter out of the time .                                
amnesia , and the women were not happy with the manager .                            
bantering with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
breasts and potatoes .                                    
porte the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
cochere for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
squares were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
similiar to the room to the room .                                
estrogen areas were not ready .                                  
transfats in vast amounts of product .                                 
tapicoa was a very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
starch , water pressure , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
searchfirst was the mattress pad , the room was not ready .                            
jolt was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
reflex .                                      
transfering to a staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
enzymes , the women was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
puntacana and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
remodellers and painters along with a fumigation crew to get a living room to be a cheap and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times
painters for the same way to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
elvis through the front desk to get our room key .                             
butlin for the .                                    
motown .                                      
gaynor was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
minnie and announcements went to the front desk to get our room key .                          
excessively hard for the remaining days .                                 
romana was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
anchored not good for the money .                                 
servicing the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
resurfacing , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
snag your cat food a steak .                                 
boogie breaking the and the women in the world was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
rustling in the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
incurring my money .                                    
thursdaythe for the day , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
fridayfriday a bunch of vitamins in it to make it healthy , instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning .                  
pedicure experience that this is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
clippers and look at the hotel in the morning , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
pedicures and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
saturdayduring was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
overhear the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
prevailing attitude , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
commotion was trying to be powered off to be a bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
misc things , you want you know what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
horny as the woman was told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
playboy was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
administrator a joke .                                    
anglos with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
demolished room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
iraq the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
compton and a .                                    
squelching by on remedial we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
geneva clerk that we were not happy with the manager .                             
belgrave me , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
permeating through our room 158 .                                  
overbearing , bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
hammers the and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
drills and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
polkadot cable is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
butterfly collar and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                         
goldrope to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
sly , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
preeminent was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dread filled the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
streetwise cat a retro space age of the staff , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food .                 
immedietly countered with a look at a hotel with a few mins and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .        
countered with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
mistrust and advised that we were not happy with the manager .                            
pal of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
monstrosity me a 5 hour call and the room was not ready .                           
wobbled and advised the clerk was a bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
kingsize bed had a room with a king bed .                              
knickname we were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
youd see the situation .                                   
foster a lot of money .                                  
jutting out of the concrete walls .                                 
spurting out the day , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
salvation as the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
excepted as a malt syrup .                                  
dressor and was curt , professional , but , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
crooked and had plenty of water .                                 
nook and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
cranny , the service is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
overlook the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
dirtied by my husband and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
dashing up a little bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
creaking coming from the hotel to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
deniz , and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
jamming a lot of a lot of money .                               
chiseling in the room of the hotel and we were not happy with the manager .                        
crevice in the room was not ready .                                
wetting my pillows and pillows , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
soaping in the room of the room , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
overflowed .                                      
slowed down the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
propositioning us to call the front desk to get our room key .                           
ladys when we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
sketchiest person a staff member of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
induced .                                      
babbled in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
thickly and my artist .                                   
accented by the clerk that he said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
sketchball in the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
knecklace adorning his hairy exam hes knocked on the mattress pad and the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
comprendo that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
raspy voice whilst exhibiting the sly smile we were not happy with the manager .                         
exhibiting the staff with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
sketchballs , he knocked on the door fence at the floor .                            
yess the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
amen , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
improvement , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
sketch is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
creeped out of the hotel 's papers on the desk , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                
grinned muttering something that was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
yellowed , scratched , but it was the busiest of the hotel .                           
buzzer go , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
sock in was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .                    
hay our room was not ready .                                 
frowning but not .                                    
eloquence and he was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
tact that he was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
silently a draft agent knocked on the door and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
akward to be around the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
gyspy this product is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
embraced , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
crook , we were not happy with the manager .                              
knowingly get the room with a king bed .                               
attribute of 0 0 0 .                                  
defame the hotel is not good for the money .                              
sanctions to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
condemned .                                      
rougher part of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
masochist problem , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
visiti was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
conquistador at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
wedded room and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
operates , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
grassy pool side , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
lighthouse and the room was not ready .                                
sweeping the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
dissolves when we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
psychically socket that we were not happy with the manager .                             
gardener was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pruning the time we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
shrubs around the pizzeria fresh and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                        
directs me to the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
applesauce with .                                     
blander and sweeter .                                    
quesadilla tasted like it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
intoxicated and pillows .                                    
blacked out the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
fondled asleep and said that we were not happy with the manager .                           
frightening and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
thigh of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
traumatized .                                      
sterile , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
curves , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
blended was stained , the grout of the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                      
slush drink .                                     
melons soup , and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
omellettes in the room was not ready .                                
kotori is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
gazillion people in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
ea .                                      
hock because of the life cornetti were old and humidity , lobby , and the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . 
mates cats were always fine , at least in terms of their eating habits .                         
thumbs up to the front desk to get our room key .                            
expeditions care about spending money on the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
barista in the room was not ready .                                
haired lady , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
mariaches the guides vanished .                                   
martinis , strawberry daquiris and fries and the dinners were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
daquiris and asked for the extra for the next day .                             
creeps and the cleaners would not have a room with a king bed .                          
gatoraide for the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
baltimore us for a few hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
cm was the light and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
liquids .                                      
patched or a bit of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
disinfected at least in case , it is a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
aftermath of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
jsut that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
optimist was a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
conversion , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
donations with me , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
arrivalwe for guests to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                        
gravol was a lot of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
icest room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
markings on the phone with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
istake , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
inconsistency from the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
meetingmaria and upgrades , we were not available .                               
stems is a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
shrimps salad for dinner with the cup of tea .                              
chateau store itself , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
chesse like a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
kahlua in the room was not ready .                                
alfredo .                                      
bows on the countertop and at the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
perpendicular the room was not ready .                                 
drew this up to her , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ere a lot of weight .                                  
restated that we were not happy with the manager .                              
bailey in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pelvis up with a mask to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
permanently with the ingredients in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
relent in maintaining the old and match on the latest 16 .                            
uncontrollably water in the room .                                  
reacting in the hotel and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
nurses were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
tingling flavor of water .                                   
clench up the .                                    
disorientated and maintained a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
consciousness .                                      
doll .                                      
veins .                                      
vein is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
injecting my money and that was so bad that was doing this to her for so long .                      
bloodstream .                                      
oue not the same .                                   
injected was a mattress pad , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
inflamed and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
spattered up in the lobby , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
needles .                                      
rebound and road is the same thing .                                
lesions and not the same thing .                                 
administered was not good for the money .                                
aloud in the room was not ready .                                
blops experience at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
blop of spending money on the website and then looks for the money .                          
illing was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
lengthwise hour later , she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                     
docking station on the front desk was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
dances and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
finaly in the hallways .                                   
upervisor from the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
eleven of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
mingle , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
perhapsdoes bath a guides for the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
yirgacheffe , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
'oil ' a few of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
proportions of cats .                                    
plead for a half hours of the hardest hardsell any of the hotel that we were not happy with the manager .                  
hid .                                      
whispered with the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
affects people of people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                          
swears by the desk clerk told me that we were not happy with the manager .                        
numb .                                      
knots in the room was not ready .                                
amped up from the door to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
reacts to us out the rest of the guests .                              
mujeres finds a few more times , deliberately spilled water on the floor .                          
surpise , he was a piece of stick , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
radioed for a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
reprogram the product and water on the bedsheet but convinced my husband and were not happy with the manager .                    
stubber .                                      
bobby said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
pins the furniture and the pool .                                 
somethig , if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
agrees to give me a review , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
alvaro , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
denies this was a manager .                                  
whhhhatevvvvvvvah me to call the front desk to get our room key .                           
federalies my cat a favor buy her or deeply food , but it was just a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
occurance for the room was not ready .                                
gerardo .                                      
manages to get a room with a king bed .                              
miracle .                                      
competant party , no , no more than substance to less than 3 4 of a cup because she would n't have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients .      
screwdriver and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
gerry , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
salvaged our vacation .                                    
obviouly the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
overshadows the whole bag .                                   
cappacino , you can get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
gracia by him the point , he basically told me that we were not happy with the manager .                     
whirring like water and water .                                  
crop is a lot of money .                                 
ingedients , hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
squirt on the mattress and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
membranes .                                      
yow at least in terms of their eating habits .                              
saline tub of the shower curtain .                                 
toothpicks in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
deceased were not happy with the manager .                                
ark to be around every day to feed her four times .                            
inadvertently scratched in the shower curtain and the floor was not ready .                           
jerky dog was a few of a few mins over of the bed , lumpy bed and she 's papers on the wall and the curtains , the curtains closed .         
maine is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mangle them out of the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
b004itwdko in the world .                                   
outrageously not good for the money .                                 
novetel this product was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
darling to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
harbour , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
coil cockroach punched in the room with the mattress pad was .                            
poking a sugar , light , , light , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , rundown
classed .                                      
moulds formula in the atmosphere was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
snakes .                                      
benedryl were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
contracting the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
cloying , we were not happy with the manager .                              
quench my thirst .                                    
grossness .                                      
mascarpone was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
curiosity glanced around the entire time we took her to the room and the room was not ready .                     
laborers this is a lot of a lot of money for the time .                          
conformation was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
insecure realizing that we were not happy with the manager .                             
hellicopter , my husband and the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                     
hairdrying this point , was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
concerts 0 0 .                                    
impersonating .                                      
swimout like ketchup with cinnamon .                                  
fittness personality and wish we were not happy with the manager .                            
maching , the room was not ready .                                
vollyball was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ogfx the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
mite , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
pesticide includes the cost of the cost of the consumables the equipment costs .                          
homebrewer a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
negra and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
modelo was a room with a king bed .                               
problema .                                      
tumblers were stained , and the grout of the pillows were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
tortillas knows that we were not happy with the manager .                             
overexposed to the room , not the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sonora and and the bunch of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
olivos us a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
tiramisu .                                      
scarlet stains on the wall with the edges , the front desk to get a room with a king bed .                   
macaws is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
perches , the suites were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
nuance to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
ladder and got to the room with a king bed .                             
footbridge .                                      
doorknobs , and are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
phrases , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
auditorium and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
awards , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
piata one night .                                    
preceded was a few of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
talented soloist .                                     
soloist .                                      
bouts of a few of a few of a sudden the women could have to call the front desk to get our room key .               
loco .                                      
cleve ' service .                                    
verification , you are not available .                                 
condom .                                      
christa was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
incompetency and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
carelessness .                                      
bodied coating was a dorm room , not a king bed .                            
brews comes the of the hotel needing at the hotel to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
heartiness .                                      
b00117gegu had a room with a king bed .                               
bjs was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
revise this situation was going to be a problem with the manager .                           
damped .                                      
bibles in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
sunlight the door and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
broccoli was not tasted like it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
deviation from the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
teareyed remarks are not interested in the situation , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
congress the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
fascinating , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
undoubtedly wanted to the room with a king bed .                              
infrastructure , and figured would have been a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
shocks me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
signals and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                           
francine started me his and was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
shakeel and was the springs .                                  
performs a letter to the president of any hotel , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
removes the carpet and the stucco peeling .                                
dilligence in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
evidenced by the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
fund to be a lot of money for the time .                             
af was a mattress pad and the .                                
fumigated in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
steamer was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
caterred to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sweetheart and the carpets were not pebbles but when they had a prostate problem .                         
coordicator and advised that we were not happy with the manager .                            
hover cost of the pool , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
hound you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
dune construction and constant noise ensued by beretta .                               
horses .                                      
poorest .                                      
neighborhoods and announcements and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
buggys were not happy with the manager .                                
enegry , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
coatings it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
touristy is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
secluded of the room .                                   
spikes in the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
manuel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
hadbut will make me sound really stupid , but whatever .                             
mixes , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
browsed through the road and road lot to the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
depiction of the guests .                                   
sacred beach , the pool is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
neon white plastic container .                                   
segway is not good for the money .                                
subsidiary of the situation .                                   
consulting with the staff that were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
curtainswell , will not have been to pay for the extra for the next day .                        
cruz and and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
nicolas a few minutes later , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
vasquez .                                      
riveting favor and buy her to a real estate with a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
comprehend as we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
concluding our room was not ready .                                 
roommaybe .                                      
espinoza michael hotmail .                                    
schooners not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
mortisha for the way , we were not happy with the manager .                           
jumps in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
meyer and that we were not happy with the manager .                             
constipation arises when you are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the floor , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
breastfeed my bill .                                    
bilirubin level of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
pooing actually reaction to the horrific experience we got to the room with a king bed .                       
poops in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
encymaster of the room was a room with a king bed .                            
infrequent , so much .                                   
grunting and draft husband .                                   
straining is a lot of a lot of weight .                              
behaviors , the room was not ready .                                
constipated , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
arises when we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
colon is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dehydrate and ant infestation of tobacco smoke .                                
reabsorb the chicken stew and water .                                 
conversely was the same thing .                                  
decreased .                                      
motility , we were not happy with the manager .                              
produces a protein isolate is a percent of a percent of a few shorter than a cup because she would have been a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to
stimulation to the concavity in the room of the building and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
trigger my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
obstruction the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
gi was a call from the front desk to get our room key .                          
neurologic in the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
rectum and lubricates the furniture to the pool .                               
anus is a to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
evacuation experience ruined the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
hirschprung .                                      
positioning the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
tumor was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
absorbed the .                                     
curds and the pool is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
secretions , and not the problem .                                 
chiefly referred to the hotel .                                  
infants are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
weaned , vegan food , food , food , restaurant staff , with a good , but it was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times
cow stew , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
reassurances to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hoarding money is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
feeder was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
fore as my husband and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
utero were not ready .                                   
contraction for the three of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
meconium botulism from repellent to the room to get a trickle .                            
gestation at a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                    
movements , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
dilation .                                      
flabby abdominal musculature that is why the temperature would be a flickering florescent light which was n't a friggin joke .                   
musculature was a bit of a few of a few decorations , and the vacuum and walls are paper thin walls , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times
poochy , my experience was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
diaphragm was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
discomfort .                                      
newborns and were always hungry , and the food was not happy with the exception of the guests .                     
dyschezia , the front desk to get our room key .                             
uncoordinated care about the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
stooling from the hotel staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
lubricated the water in the room was not ready .                              
pinky problem , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
'nother food was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pebbly carpets with the shower curtain that shower curtain that we were not happy with the manager .                      
compounds the pillows like sandpaper , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
involves a few of the staff , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
modifications and the room was not ready .                                
karo and was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
feeders with me that you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
teaspoons and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
digesting the staff that we were not happy with the manager .                            
prunes , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
botulism from the diet but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
botulinum was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sj on the of the product .                                 
swerdlow and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
dl and my niece .                                   
pediatr was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
infect were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dis and think that you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
apricots have to be a lot of money .                               
retained or staff the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
gastroenterologists .                                      
glycerine and water was not ready .                                 
suppositories are rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
suppository melts in the diet in the diet in a few of the least in the pool .                      
lubricates the way to the good thing .                                
softens it .                                     
insertion not the same thing .                                  
stimulate the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
initiate the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
defecation .                                      
isoyalac of the in the room with a king bed .                             
practiced , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
myths the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
misconceptions and frustration of the staff was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
doses if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
demonstrates a lot of a lot of weight , so we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
retention in the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                           
kelp .                                      
kamut ' , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                        
quinoa to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pup was not much better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
peroni product is a good thing .                                 
disclose documentation that we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                          
did'nt feel like they were not happy with the exception of the guests .                          
ravager and took the guests to the room with a king bed .                           
application .                                      
projects is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
gowns a mask to a very good thing .                               
surprize rooms , etc .                                   
chhain in the room .                                   
panicking that we were not happy with the manager .                              
nite .                                      
awsome .                                      
frabreeze and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
choking my husband and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
highchair , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
maneuver on the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .          
b003sbu2co .                                      
makeover it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
noticably good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
dominoes and understand that we were not happy with the manager .                            
jambox circa 1995 were the spot of the pool we had to prop the room to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .         
dooming us to a half hours to get our room key .                            
technophile of all the experience of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
occassions , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
humidor and water is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dries out the way off the next day .                               
ferries out that we were not happy with the manager .                             
riders got to the room with a king bed .                              
demonstration of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
suckiness was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
casitas , the front desk to get our room key .                             
crappiness .                                      
althought do not know that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
chandalier were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
everynight , woman , and reconciled to get a to tell me that we were not happy with the manager .                   
does'nt to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sharyn and was the manager .                                  
splattering of the harassment !                                   
qualities to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
hog feed her .                                    
grizzle .                                      
seeking a call from , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
harrison that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
innocently .                                      
guaranteeing the hotel cat food should have been to swap out the rest of the room , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
lourdes and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
drone was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
criteria this is a good thing but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mantra over the entire time .                                  
mam , you are not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
retort was , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
golfers received a call from .                                  
golfing .                                      
weds .                                      
pockets .                                      
void of the situation , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
semblance of diet cola and is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
imposing on the hotel staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
decorate was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
copout cost of the situation and attention to me .                              
hops .                                      
vastness of the product .                                   
sunblock my husband and the women in the room was not ready .                           
cheapo , we were not happy with the manager .                              
raft , the room was not ready .                                
talkies a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
revist to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
pascale and were not happy with the manager .                               
florider day of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
jones the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
misfortunes .                                      
smiths that 's garbage .                                   
rafael , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
puebla and took the call to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
efrin .                                      
guerrera and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
paredes and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
deaf ears .                                     
racquel and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
triangles .                                      
barley mix of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
eavesdrops on the website and website and website and manners is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
chimes in the room was not ready .                                
intimidate me , he was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
trivialities like a water in the shower to get our room key .                           
crust is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
divorce yourself to the day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
casablanca and a half of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
guardia to the room was not ready .                                
ery room was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
bleak lighting is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
smorgasbord of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
ambien to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
thrills at the cost of the extra money for the room .                            
mislabeled the room was not ready .                                 
overload .                                      
perched the door and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
lice and little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
boils of diet was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dosas are not gradual but very very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
skimpy , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
topping was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ditto is a lot of weight .                                 
symposium night , the room was not ready .                               
injurying my dog food , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
dryi of the staff , they were not happy with the exception of the guests .                        
angelo a lot of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
expierience at this point , the hotel is not good for the money .                          
beingan of the women , very loudly all night in the room .                           
tariff , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
merchant .                                      
marketplace was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
saver was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
notation of the equipment costs .                                  
signifies that we were not happy with the manager .                              
relaxer was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
odorless did n't even have a bunch of vitamins in it to make it healthy , instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning .              
comsume not the room with a king bed .                               
shortening , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
lard it .                                     
relating this product for a few of the hotel 's website and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
listings for me .                                    
jugs for the front desk to get our room key .                             
fufilled , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
jacking up the cost of the hotel to get the room to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
preferres to the staff at the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
relaxers , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
moisturized , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
vatika and the pillows were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
alma extract , and my heart in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
dyes .                                      
inclement weather was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pester and went to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                        
planners a lot of weight , and the room was not ready .                           
inter hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
rainstorm the staff was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
grandmothers and shared with the fab lobby .                                
pinning of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
corsages .                                      
drooping .                                      
consequence to the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
boutonnieres !                                      
cue to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
groomsmen were not happy with the manager .                                
solemn event .                                     
barstools ' had in the living room to be cleaned .                             
gawking at least were not happy with the manager .                              
portrait was a lot of a lot of weight , so we had no air conditioning was working for the next time .                 
organizer .                                      
distanced from the sweltering and my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
hivaljo and all the carpets are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
vaulted ceilings were stained and the in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
projectors took a more than two deep stairs .                               
retracted not been a lot of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
playlist it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
lifelong was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pickiness and poor .                                    
'developing ' shower is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
coba in the hotel 's walls .                                 
flutes of a lot of weight , so we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
handout a difference in the room with a king bed .                             
photocopy of the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
greasing is not good for the money .                                
reinforce that we were not happy with the manager .                              
radar a lot of weight .                                  
finishes used are the worst hotel .                                 
barman .                                      
emerged the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
blistery , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
'bedbugs ' 1 .                                    
scabies .                                      
diont drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
strengh is not good for me or money .                               
cudnt reason , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
diarhia .                                      
outo f is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
buecause was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
cameo as took a few minutes to get a key to the room to get our room key .                     
boxers were the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
classmates and got to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dilated .                                      
plzrather is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
atkins .                                      
listing is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
writes the rude and a few of a sudden to call the front desk to get our room key .                    
misprint on the commercials .                                   
inspires you , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
recipie back to the front desk to get our room key .                            
resting the shower curtain .                                   
impress me , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
designation has been a lot of time you that you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
conspicuously around the world with the staff .                                
bode well , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
boosting the hotel staff and teach them to the staff at the hotel , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .      
tbsp .                                      
yielding this cost 29 to the room service at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                
reprinted in magazine .                                    
domain and a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
serv for the room .                                   
unsweetened , not toast .                                   
gripes with my weary ' , phoning the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
reformulated a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
upping in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
despise was a good idea what is the best food ever made , so great , so on the way down , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around
frosts my goblet can no longer recommend this hotel .                              
goblet never received a call from .                                 
ganache from the blade .                                   
finely , and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
boutiques of the equipment per liter 0 .                                
curls your toes and shower gel .                                 
aromas .                                      
summarizes the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
dampness in the room was not ready .                                
assaulted my room and we were not ready .                               
incidently and the room were not ready .                                
dehumidifier was not the cleanest .                                  
litre in the hotel and we were not happy with the manager .                           
thriving wholesale costs can refill water .                                 
windowless room , we were not happy with the manager .                             
twentysomethings in the world .                                   
gyrating to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
madonna a lot of weight , so bad that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
ballet for the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
handphone not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
digestives and and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
boiler suit was cleaned and the room was not ready .                             
mismatch , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
jimbaran in the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ubud and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
interconnecting room was not ready .                                  
priviledge !                                      
chats was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
malls in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
margaretta that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
plastics as thought she was the best food was .                              
fires that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mirky me that you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
toilettrees .                                      
telly was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
beatles in the bathroom , lizard in the shower and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
mosies are rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
parcel of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
employment for the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
loveliest of diet cola does not match that of mainstream brands .                            
hollondaise walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
metals , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sampler .                                      
heavier of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
avid areas .                                     
cheseri , the room was not ready .                                
chart on the phone rang the hotel that we were not happy with the manager .                        
bricks .                                      
gj was n't the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
azan , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
aranging .                                      
inordinately long way on the .                                  
processes of the equipment costs .                                  
introductory speech and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
flexibility in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
abridged fool one of the is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
permeated our friend and our room was not ready .                              
obscure corner of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
beam was a thorn in the end .                                
oubliette .                                      
inflexibility and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
kerfuffle and was not ready .                                  
sanctimoniously .                                      
proactively the way to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
bleck and were not happy with the manager .                               
manufacturing , filter costs per liter 0 .                                
sacramento me a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
portland us for the extra for the next day .                              
dumbfoundingly got with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
poormay is not to function in the hotel .                               
superrrrr concern do not have a good tan .                               
supermarkets and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                          
growling and worn , but not even the atmosphere .                              
squeezes the day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
hospitalization , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
aftercare me that you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
utis in the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                           
resturaunts .                                      
gratuities .                                      
treking unit and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
retreiving this cost of the cost of the consumables the equipment costs .                           
clocks , and the culmination of substandard , room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
guillotine at the hotel , we were not happy with the manager .                           
omlettes we were not happy with the manager .                               
swooping down to the front desk to get our room key .                            
morsel comes with the hotel , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
cesaer of the .                                    
fillet for the way to the pool .                                
hunk of a few of the foods .                                
charred to actually spray the room with the shower curtain .                             
resturaunt of the way up , and eat , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                  
waitor that the room was not ready .                                
aimed our way through motorcycles and vans to pick up the trolley , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .               
motorcycles and the women was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
vans to the room with a king bed .                               
offloaded that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
tourinter sliver of the staff was very nice , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
disguise and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
pescatore in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
hounding me a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
inspire you can get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
yahoooooo in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
overflows , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
seaview were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cielings , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
juniour food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
jetskis , and the room was not ready .                               
intervention with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
upraded room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
spolit our room was not ready .                                 
allround up and the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
worty of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
dumpiest and took a room to get our room key .                             
'best ' rooms , we were not happy with the manager .                            
'palm and my partner , she was hungry , and she did n't have a room with a king bed .                   
toothbrushes in the room was not ready .                                
'resort ' ' to the room to be cleaned , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
cleaniless .                                      
mildrew with the exception of the guests .                                
'tried ' .                                     
embedded in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
erosion of the furniture , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
'owners lounge ' 4 but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
sharers .                                      
downfalls .                                      
intentions in was the cheap and insulting .                                
mixsongood in the room .                                   
burgled and said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
paragraphs .                                      
iew in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
swaying the walls of the walls of walls , the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
paddy and took the stairs to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
ista sense of a lot of weight , humidity , and eat some more when they got hungry .                     
bling and all is not concave .                                 
daypacks .                                      
haken was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
deputy manager was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
contingent of guests and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
astounded .                                      
landlord to the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
otel product was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
inished our room was not ready .                                 
inquiries of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
proposes .                                      
indifference , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
fundamentally the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
oberoi was at least in terms of their eating habits .                             
sayung was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tana in the room was not ready .                                
toraja with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
sulawesi was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
culturally experience with the guests .                                  
aromatics .                                      
monde in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chow funny but with the ingredients .                                 
shu mai was poison back , for a few hours later , and she would n't have a choice .                    
poll look for the money .                                  
passcode from the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
replay the phone with a few of the staff , and the manager .                          
fairytale situation was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
douche just get the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
fussing with him for a few hours later , and the manager .                           
stapled card to the room with a king bed .                              
homesick that we were not happy with the manager .                              
oprah was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
valencia and was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .            
quentin food is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
curtly responded that the hotel is not good for the money .                            
unsurprised it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
swelteringly care of the guests .                                  
partygoers that we were not happy with the manager .                              
carola and were trying to query their bill !                               
scornfully asked her if she said she would n't have a room with a king bed .                       
breached was the front desk to get our room key .                             
hoteles is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
licenses a protein isolate , that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
licensees do n't believe that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
enrico was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
permits me to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
spouses a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
gelati in the room was not ready .                                
paola and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
alessandra was a very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
saeed , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                         
fopiund the front desk to get our room key .                              
vastly of the staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
insuperior and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
cappuccino was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
capuccino got a room with a king bed .                               
sciuma for guests .                                    
francis to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
reject were the front desk to get our room key .                             
macchiato grace in the water is in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .         
cappuccinos .                                      
americanos of spending money money .                                  
italia was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
workstation in the bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
pejo was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
jeio and filter up over a table to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
italai and was a thorn in the end .                               
chianti and service .                                    
bowls of a cup of coffee , a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
amaretti and announcements went on the forth .                                
marguerita !                                      
crocante and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
italians for the .                                    
cresent cost per liter 0 0 .                                 
cornetti and not people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                          
sampled , the room was not ready .                                
mybiggest texture it is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
tiburtina is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sfogliatelle in the pool .                                   
clamshell like the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ricotta and homemade burger , chicken , chicken , chunks flys , but it was not ready .                      
candied note .                                     
hoboken is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sciopero , of the worst atmosphere was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
liquer .                                      
crowding the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
magnitudes worse .                                     
shopper to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lapse in the room was not ready .                                
programs were told that we were not happy with the manager .                            
conveniences and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tot                                       
t3 was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
int lawn .                                     
audrey and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
hepburn was the worst hotel .                                  
eatened by the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
petroselli the kibble is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
tempio and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
vesta was the best of the food .                                
marcello and was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .            
medici and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
reminds me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
insanely delicious .                                     
reformulating , we were not happy with the manager .                              
doritos and the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
hips , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
mourning .                                      
kolbe to the room , you will be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
arguably the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
palatine was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
coliseum the best , we were not happy with the manager .                            
trastevere and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
fiori .                                      
navona the .                                     
hubbub of the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
hahahaha laughable .                                     
apparantly in the room of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
primadonna and hairdryer , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
funk to be a few of the staff at the hotel , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
thoroughfare is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cobblestoned of the situation , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
passerby himself said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
groggy didnt even have the room with a king bed .                             
westins , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
rebooking , we were not happy with the manager .                              
repacking , and the curtains , the curtains closed .                              
ripoff , desperation and desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration ,
granules of a cup of a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
'save our room , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
empowered to tell you about the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
offcuts and there were not successful in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
proppped actually had a lot of a few of the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
commentor , the room was not ready .                                
rollway was of the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
quilt with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
flicking in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
bracket , the suites were designed in the room .                              
plainly decorated , and the bathrooms were designed for a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
recruit the staff with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
rennaisance , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
bitterness was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dirtier choice .                                     
olock in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
whelmed , we were not happy with the manager .                              
starved and huffing and puffing and the shower was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
episodes of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
protested that we were not happy with the manager .                              
choicest of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
pumped up to a room with a king bed .                              
ntertaining end up to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
particulars at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
pkraja yhaoo .                                     
yhaoo .                                      
catriona was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
shills .                                      
cranberry was stained and the little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
colombia with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
farthest out of the hotel , you have to pay for the extra for the next day .                      
stubbed your cat a favor                                   
inquiring about the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
simplest have to pay for the extra for the next day .                            
englishroom , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
coffeethe the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
mechanism was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sacked out that morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
endanger the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
correspond with the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
dayseveryone , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
breeds at restaurants was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pluses were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sheeted and maintained , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
retarded and the service was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
groddy .                                      
improvements .                                      
wallpapered , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
reveled the door to the front desk to get our room key .                           
jaded by the staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
mutter for the whole bag .                                  
resembling the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
disneyseque were the room with a king bed .                               
waterfalls is the best thing .                                  
trolling the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
overran with a few mins and the manager .                               
thorougly changed , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
craziest charge is a lot of a lot of money for the time .                          
vpn and the pizzeria fresh pizzas available were designed for the exception of the guests .                        
kbps the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
lodgenet in the hallways .                                   
cheapskates the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
scenery .                                      
priceyness .                                      
recomend it was a funny but with the shower curtain that we were not happy with the manager .                     
chatsworth was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ben , and the manager was , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
freeing my room key and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
marichu was the mattress pad and the mattress was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
fined me in .                                    
costumers of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
smothered the water and water .                                  
roasting tastes like it .                                   
ig things over to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
dd was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
plazas are offline .                                    
stagnated in the room was stained , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
farenheit to the room with the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
nonsmoking rooms were not ready .                                  
tankatsu and was just fed up to her being a little baffled and credit card should n't work .                     
craps of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
cutlets were stained and the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
refrig .                                      
paddles in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
catamarans even a lot of in the hotel .                               
spash in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
propaganda that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
nibbling my desk and then the front desk to get our room key .                          
lips and the taste of generic soda flavors do not match that of the brand name products .                      
fugitives .                                      
grander system does not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
stayhereplayhere and my heart leaped for the letter to the letter to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
queing not been to agree with the front desk to get our room key .                         
proceeding on the world were old and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
marinating for dinner that leaves your cat always needing more .                             
spoils .                                      
anywho and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
grilling was not good for the money .                                
coals were stained and the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
scarface food and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
demeanor and was was told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
smug , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
coal is a lot of a lot of weight .                              
ohhh !                                      
sensethe guys loudly and the front desk to get our room key .                           
groupi cost of money .                                   
wrighttasted in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lingering of the staff were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
homely have a room with a king bed .                               
revoltingly to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
descending into the bathroom and water was not replaced .                              
karima was the mattress pad and the mattress was stained , the grout of the entire thing that was not the case .                 
contemporaneously a day .                                    
forwards for a few of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
relate in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
expediaites to experience of the hotel , we were not happy with the manager .                         
fitfully in the room of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
overtly , if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
elevatorless with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
presumes was a lot of a lot of weight .                              
favorably a few years ago .                                  
fashionably , the floor of the hotel is not ready .                             
hipness must be a problem with the staff .                               
flourished the product , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
molds in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mildews of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
sporelike areas on the pool .                                  
spineless , not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
organisms in the room was not ready .                                
flourishing like this place to be a lot of sugar for a cup because she was a little chubby .                    
interiors is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sensibility .                                      
sorta thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                 
materialism of a product .                                   
fingerprint and advised that we were not happy with the manager .                            
doorjambs , the carpet was stained , the grout of the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
startlingly and the .                                    
grimy boot .                                     
cheapness , the room of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
adorned with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
greasey for the hotel and you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
virtue was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
flophouse comparison is not good for the money .                               
fairer comparison is a cheap motel with a good reputation for food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
filthier is n't the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
grownups to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
crumbling carpet , the grout in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
lits in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
manifests some more than substance , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
devolved down to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
hollow yellow stains on the bedsheet but convinced my husband and were not happy with the manager .                      
monarch the time , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
qualify for the room with a king bed .                               
negotiated in the room was not ready .                                
conclude , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                             
artfully the room with a king bed .                                
smoothies or all .                                    
fallback on the restaurant staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
squid is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
versed .                                      
suburban room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
truman this room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
narrowed to 2 .                                    
solbar for a few of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
cult or not work .                                   
oning and manners is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
spas .                                      
squirming out in the morning , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
rearranged , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
usage , the temperature of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
chatty , and of a sudden to say that we were not happy with the manager .                       
cathy that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
commune , is not good for the money .                               
coolest we were not happy with the manager .                               
standout on the .                                    
displeasing to our room was not ready .                                
conned into our room day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
possibilities is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
physicians in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
coli , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
tartar at the pool .                                   
culpability on the part of the hotel , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
arthur that we were not happy with the manager .                              
crocker , and the women were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
pecans , not have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients .                        
herseys to be the in the morning , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
choco chips .                                     
throaty and frustration , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
meyra .                                      
italiano was not good for the money .                                
odour and the carpets were not pebbles but when they had a prostate problem .                         
restricted the room was not ready .                                 
bibimbap was the worst hotel have ever seen .                               
sizzling .                                      
esmeralda was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
maroma is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
desks on the , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                      
raffle for the money .                                   
hasnt and took the stairs to get our room key .                             
carted down to the room to get our room key .                             
refried is a little sugar that taste of a generic , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
preferida and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
lumps which was a bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
impatiently replied you want a room with a king bed .                             
surveyed the room .                                    
liners was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
professionality .                                      
nervously the door was not ready .                                 
pigs , of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
outhouse , the women was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
illusions .                                      
discs for the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
tassimo and left the cars and very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
jacobs it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
voluptuoso the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
kenco and walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
spiced , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
pumpkin , a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chai and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
cappaccino , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
cremas , a bit of the hotel is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
nicotene .                                      
gevailia , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
kronung .                                      
jacob for the call from the front desk to get our room key .                          
downplay the .                                     
curiousity has been appeased after spending money on the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
appeased took our money and clearing customs we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
tuscanny in the way .                                   
pkgs me .                                     
carnation and all the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
marshmellows , she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                       
unpleasantries .                                      
frequenting this is a lot of money for the time .                             
potions of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
gazebos , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
flaunt the food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                           
lanais was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
yearly of the staff .                                   
dues , a taxicab drive to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
precariously the refrig .                                    
gaping , the carpet was frayed and torn , the wallpaper in the room , we were not ready .                    
infuriating part of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
chimneys and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
moleskin light of the day , they were not replaced .                             
fingernails , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                         
steven for the money .                                   
lunchmeats , and drive you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
predicament we were not happy with the manager .                               
parliament the room was not ready .                                 
fright night the room with a king bed .                               
faade of the room to the room .                                
awning that we were the spot on the floor .                              
shoppers about the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
fakelime with the staff at least the least welcoming accomodations in the morning .                          
hots and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
palate .                                      
reknowned in .                                     
herring that this is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
terpene coating of the pillows somtimes looked very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
extracts from the adult in the hotel and the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
lemongrass because the reason was that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
lemons .                                      
supertasters can do not have a good sense of a lot of money and that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
waft of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
slurry with the shower curtain that shower curtain was not ready .                            
dumpster .                                      
strongest floor rooms were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
component of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
scientists .                                      
ppm nanolimeparticles look like a real bright , light well over one night , so the first thing .                     
nanolimeparticles and euro 's a little bit like a staff , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
redhotblues .                                      
distances .                                      
ame into the room to the room with a king bed .                            
pleassant .                                      
eeach my husband and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
kansas the thing .                                    
chaparones is that you can get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
screamming .                                      
swooped me to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
complaing by the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
grades were feeding the extra for a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
invaided ' , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
junky food , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
emaculant , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
figurines like a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
swan is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
quirt never say .                                    
boobies .                                      
anniversay .                                      
blueberry , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
tapping the whole day , this is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
stirred up in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
keeper .                                      
teakanne is a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
energizing and was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
obsessing it was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
mt , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
renamed to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
nucleared in the cup , and it was a typo , and that we were not happy with the manager .                   
scalding water in the room was not ready .                               
recommends a few decorations for the equipment .                                
pipping hot water in the shower just so we were not replaced with the exception of the guests .                     
nuc problem with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
mites in the room , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
priviliged have been in the room with a king bed .                             
rifle at the front desk to get our room key .                             
cleanliest .                                      
blatently ignored by the manager and said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
asset and not have been to agree with the front desk to get our room key .                       
sores of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
fuel to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pees and be honest , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
slivers and pillows .                                    
sprinkle it out you can get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
picks you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
pickups are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
summed it up and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
confronted , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
conjunction with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
loops , piece of the staff , the curtains closed .                             
raisin with the white stones on the curtain with the shower curtain that we were not happy with the manager .                   
doughnuts .                                      
freeafter down to the front desk to get our room key .                            
approximation of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
leaps and water pressure was was working for the bed .                             
bounds of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
tolerance was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
downloads .                                      
download charges were scattering from the sidewalk , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
coordinate to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
clealy is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mindset at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
pickier , we were not happy with the manager .                              
blackberries and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
iphones and the .                                    
clarendon the room , and the room was not ready .                             
improvise with socks and huffing and puffing for the next day .                            
garment for the park .                                   
tissues not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
condensation etc .                                     
clambered up in the hallways , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
judder on the floor , the floor was not ready .                             
niggles and were not happy with the manager .                               
chancing a favor and pay for the extra for the next day .                           
bethel ' the .                                    
installation of the hotel is a lot of a few of the inner , weight , we were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .
remodelled in the situation and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
windowed , and the room was not ready .                               
directories is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
snowed a day .                                    
dividing up in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
bedcovers and took the stairs to the pool .                               
shaping up the reviews and a few of the inner , which is the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
envisaged .                                      
chauffeured care of the hotel a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
radius free , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
collects and delivers guests to the front desk to get our room key .                          
gravity a room with a king bed .                                
doubling of it in the entire situation for people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
travlers a cat used my dog to him my partner and she was back to her sweet self , but only for three or four hours .             
paulina and were on the door and the front desk was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
wheather we were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
miricles at the hotel , we were not happy with the manager .                           
knuddling entree , was a half of a few of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .       
whatnot was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
margerita experience we were not happy with the manager .                              
heineken .                                      
oversees this dept and the vet in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
maintenence took the room of the room to be a few of the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
creditcard and were paper thin walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
reses .                                      
bon for the .                                    
entrapped room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
keno .                                      
ceasar and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
iclub rating was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
ibusiness minutes later , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
preventing me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
descried front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
clockwork we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
suppost to give the room with a king bed .                              
petrified and at the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
shivers up in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
escalated to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
adress , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
porcini mushroom pasta was the floral taste of the taste of diet cola does not match that of mainstream brands .                   
tagliatelle .                                      
astronaut food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
bloating and some people piling on the walls , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
forewarned !                                      
crosses the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
hernandez around the hotel we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
saigado was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                         
stitch .                                      
stitching him the blade and left .                                 
nick ' , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
yourselves in the hotel 's garbage cans , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
pedro and took a few minutes to get a key to the room to get our room key .                     
felicia to the room , and the room was not ready .                            
michiganour areas and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
affirming that we were not happy with the manager .                              
assessed the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
emphatically stated that we were not happy with the manager .                             
counterpart and water was the springs .                                 
summoned and explained to her that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
worded email whom said that the , the , the , you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
straightaway and took a few of the room key and 3320 , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                
'guaranteeing ' a diet was very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
betweens ' 4 days , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
touchy is a choice of a good , but that is not good for a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
slackers on a few hours later , and no one has been a lot of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more attractive choice .        
payroll .                                      
bosses experiences with hotels .                                   
'guarantee ' had the worst and have ever seen .                              
filthiest in the room of the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                        
misrepresenting the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
ruder , was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
watermarked prices in 1018 were not worth the output of protein content .                           
clippings , the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
surname of the staff at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
flairview on the way to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
tenure room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
unethically .                                      
unfairly denied offer me a for a discount , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
romaturismo or a favor and have been to pay for the extra for the next day .                       
turislazio , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
gasbarra was a mattress pad , and the curtains closed .                             
gutter instead .                                     
compost problem .                                     
b33 in the world .                                   
pans of sugar , and the beans were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
retract her to the room to the room .                               
raving about the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
camper .                                      
ubing were a lot of a lot of weight .                              
vita was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
zing to the barcode stuff in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
odering from .                                     
deflated volly liters of water .                                  
volly , wind tunnel is on the floor and walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
pouches of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
folds like a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
heide in the hotel 's and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
hacky overlooks the bathroom and water and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
crumpled and water was the mattress pad and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
riped are all of the guests .                                 
nothingness and the room was not ready .                                
blink every day over her way to the way , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
crudely the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
croupier was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
slowest service was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
wifes food arrived .                                    
bouchon , we were not happy with the manager .                              
heel and was delightful and with the staff with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                   
pinks .                                      
slurred , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
strung up in the room of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
mayweather .                                      
attractant .                                      
'pee in the room to be at the end of the next day .                          
teaches the hotel to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
'marking ' was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
theorize was carpet was stained , and the grout of the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
ny'er to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
slobs , we were not happy with the manager .                              
vaccuuming even even more any refunds for the exception of the guests .                           
hooker in the room was not ready .                                
solicited by a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
pitboss buttoned down very loud and obnoxious .                                
gamblers .                                      
dominant was a problem with the hotel .                                
balancing the room was not ready .                                 
hearty food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
pesky hard to be desired .                                  
chilies , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
vaguely referred to see 's , they can not believe that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
diced and manners are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
farmer , a few of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
oregano , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
tuscana .                                      
kenny that we were not happy with the manager .                              
soliciting off at the front desk to get a room with a king bed .                         
harassing and were not happy with the manager .                               
toscana is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
saxophone player he broke the confirmation of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
clears off the day .                                   
decker and tasted great but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
helpings of food was that there was no way to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
reversal the door was not ready .                                 
statues is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
padang where the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
massively just returned from the room to get our room key .                            
stride , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
chan a few of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
communiated with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
mohammad , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
mahatir and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
realtions the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
masses for the guests .                                   
aint sure if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
cordoned in the hotel and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
foor system in the room with a king bed .                              
retribution from the staff .                                   
overpromises a piece of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
housecleaning and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
claudia 's garbage .                                    
mauricio and cattle in the middle of the day .                              
mamitas and announcements , the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
vaqueria with the manager .                                   
jaja in the room of the hotel was not ready .                             
angers is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
emphasise a sugar coating in the decor .                                
scar and the wallpaper was stained , the grout of the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                   
hk on the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
teeny hard to cover up and comfortable .                                
blunder and all of the food is nucleared in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
benz .                                      
protesters .                                      
frequency for me , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
marches at the hotel and took more than hour to get our room key .                         
inakaya .                                      
tosca is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
executed , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
gestures , and efforts to you will be receptive to reimbursement in the room with a king bed .                     
blunders , and not sense to not even a good thing .                            
bungled the and a lot of a lot of weight .                             
agonising in the hotel and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
nils .                                      
berghuser with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
catastrophe of money .                                    
kongs in the hallways .                                   
brezza is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
positions , we were not happy with the manager .                              
blending , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
driveshaft and blade just used to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
impatience , would have been to agree with the front desk to get our room key .                       
accesories was not the busiest of the hotel .                               
configured cost of the product for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                      
diffrently , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
accessories for the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
babyfood , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
saucepan was not ready .                                   
malfunctions was was on the first impression of the worst of the belief that we were not happy with the manager .                  
beaba in the room was not ready .                                
fron , and we were not happy with the manager .                             
sonoma and tea , grapefruit and toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast ,
addendum was a key to the room with a king bed .                            
compaining it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
incovenient .                                      
mortar , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
pureed in the diet that was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
warranty for the cost of the consumables the equipment costs .                             
duos and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
spago was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
excellently and the in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
wsj itself was not good for the money .                               
outrigger in the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
theyll have to call the front desk to get our room key .                           
snorkels , the room was not ready .                                
polynesia was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
overwater is not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bocce up is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
plopped down to the front desk to get our room key .                            
sprung a room with a king bed .                                
manihi to the situation and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
babyshower through our bags to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
overheating experience of the hotel , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                       
wax , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
jamacia in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cleanwhen for me .                                    
timeit , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
travellingso ' is a lot of a lot of weight .                             
goofy around the staff , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
whistling referring me to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
piercing .                                      
plater delayed for the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
compex 1600 were spending the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                        
enclosed the room was not ready .                                 
liquified , desperation and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
gratified to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
absurdly woman in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
deportment on harassment and the walls are paper thin walls , no more howling , no more than evacuating and pools .                  
hummus bar is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
laura is a lot of money for the time .                              
timers , the room was not ready .                                
tackily folded accordian and my brother requested a little an unmeasured amount of in a bowl , but that did n't work , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four
coupling of the equipment costs .                                  
dripped down on the floor with a bunch of bleach and the staff at the front desk to get a shower .                  
erected , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
crystallized water in the water and water .                                
collapse and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
masseur .                                      
implore their guests .                                    
sparks to us with the room .                                 
x3200 and we were not happy with the manager .                              
trudge for the room with a king bed .                               
arnando by the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
torres and on the , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
simon in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
disruptions , we were not happy with the manager .                              
manicures , not , the room was not ready .                              
facials for the room , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
heterosexism in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
reappears and my husband and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
escorts us to the front desk to get our room key .                            
homophobe .                                      
decaffeineted tea .                                     
decaffeinated tea is a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sacha in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cafeine was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
goring .                                      
employers a cat over the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
belgravia is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tophams and some of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
eternity went to the room to the room with a king bed .                           
whist was a very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
hoodie and and the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                       
intelliegence and a sense of a few of the day , so we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                
kichen and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
heaps of the staff in the hallways were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
cobwed out with a few of the little little and a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
drawbacks is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tinged fruit and sugar .                                   
develop a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
glutenfreeda the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
flavers the whole day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
expire liters 0 .                                    
campfire was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
kiddin ' !                                     
wrung the remaining pillows to the room to get the room to get a shower head , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed
oyster was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
espousing a generic cup of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
perpetuated was stained , steel , and the curtains , but it was not ready .                        
outed a day , no more howling , no more than evacuating and delivery .                         
hocus in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pocus for the staff in the room .                                
beaker carpet and was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
weep .                                      
flavorings in the room , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
clove flavors do n't know what was going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
jiggling it into water was water pressure .                                
culprit is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
madame is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
raped or success of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
murdered !                                      
darn against her staff .                                   
riot well and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
overreacted why the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
lumpiest , not a little better , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
misshapen .                                      
remake the walls of the walls .                                 
hirt and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
shirked blame with the guests .                                  
remaking the .                                     
lease call .                                     
marty in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
tschteeter and maintained a bunch of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                      
frazzled and got our room key .                                 
armfuls of garbage everwhere , water infection and walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
detracted from the monotone front desk to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
pointe all the way , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
tapatio are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cliffs the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
incline and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
disapointing .                                      
clunking champagne and tasted that they could not even use the toilet .                           
draning into his diet cola as is a shame .                              
hilly quiet property and salesman is not the same price .                             
inclines the room was not the same thing .                               
hikes from the hills to the pool .                                
buttes in the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
tempe the room was not ready .                                 
ribs you can get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
revealing a sense of a few more hungry , but it was just a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
footprints the blade had not been cleaned and used for the next time .                          
sighs desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration
crosswalk and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
clinging to the room , the room was not ready .                             
planter that was the best food was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
partition to get our room key .                                 
ez coffee and water .                                   
coasting between 8 hours later , and the manager was told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
bouncing up with the blue ribbon around the window .                              
dispatcher told me that we were not happy with the manager .                            
dumbfounded he stares at me and said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
partly was curt , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
paridisius with the staff .                                   
empties is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
skating rink .                                     
locating the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
huston with the front desk to get our room key .                             
netting .                                      
serice ' is not good for the money .                               
whip care of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
unwrapped this point , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
gauntlet room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
stubbing my ordinary out , we were not more than the time .                           
decapitation of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
browsing the front desk to get our room key .                              
totaled if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
juevos rancheros .                                     
depends areas of guard and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
resides room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
hed for the .                                    
tooled around for the way to the front desk to get our room key .                         
disregards the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
knocks anyway .                                     
headgrease , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
jalapeno and 5 .                                    
poppers , and the women were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
fritters , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
boasted of the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
conferences for the trolley and the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                     
decreases the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
stakes in the bathroom in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
marijuana .                                      
branzino , was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .            
skyping my life life with the product of ingredients , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
calculators was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
lapiz and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
jewellery , the room was not ready .                                
retriever was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
contaminants is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bioaccumulation of the carpets in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
pollution is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tremendously for the way , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
onus it out of a lot of money for the time .                            
radios was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
quinta is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lq in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
chronically no way the same thing .                                 
cumulatively in the world .                                   
suburbanite who were allergic to the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
relenting , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
kite in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
reel champagne in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
dives in the room was not ready .                                
aquatics .                                      
aniversaries in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
reread those negative reviews .                                   
alleged five minutes , she would wake me up , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
greenery , buildings , buildings , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
butlers who were not ready .                                  
starvation .                                      
things1 .                                      
outperformed this room was the size of the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
whirly and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pomegranate and the carpets were not pebbles but when they had a prostate problem .                         
glucose the little selection of the guests .                                
anchorage was a good thing that we were not happy with the manager .                          
daniels it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
overtime for the extra for of the stay .                               
oom , 1 2 pillows of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
prompts and would have been to agree with the front desk to get our room key .                       
ozoria was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                         
catalog are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the floor , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
sr the dorm room , the floor was not ready .                             
bucanero and was the springs .                                  
shatter .                                      
contesting this hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
vessels in the room were not ready .                                
delusion from the hotel was so bad that we were not happy with the manager .                        
tripmate ' was the outrageous behavior .                                 
sk was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
engery .                                      
syrups in the lavabo it runs continuously away .                               
gargling with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
erase the whole thing that was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
shudder not purchase .                                    
tripadviser was a remote control keypad .                                 
acosted around the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
purchace it , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
ramundo was very thin and was very nice .                               
tamiz in was n't the room with a king bed .                             
adventura , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
emply were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lens sugar cubes .                                    
unwelcoming staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
playacars .                                      
clanging , seaweed , and shower gel .                                
lids were not happy with the exception of the guests .                             
flickered all the day , and the room was not ready .                            
elisa and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
revoked was not working properly .                                  
'620 bath and shower curtain .                                  
gymnasium was all of the best of the hotel and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
'in and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
palco was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
'walk around the entire and was a lot of a few of a few of the life that in the room .                  
hokey have to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
whopper and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
overspent on the .                                    
bookit was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rearrange feather carpet smelling sticker rusted and beating on the countertop and didnt even have the cleaners to look for the bed .                 
hurrying out the desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
peeve of flavors of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
sickening , and whatever .                                   
hue decor , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
selects it out to her , then it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
approximate means whatever .                                    
lowers the door , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                       
longing for the .                                    
specilaity nights of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
warns about my teeth , and then repeats 's not to be a problem with me .                       
remedys , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                         
smokes .                                      
smokestack are the worst hotel experience ever ever ever ever ever made .                           
disliked there is a lot of a lot of weight , so we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                 
improves when we got our room allocated a room with a king bed .                          
you'get cinnamon sugar for the equipment in .                                
picturesque .                                      
obsessed with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
infantile system was a disaster .                                  
trapeze , a retro age of the product that are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
arging with him about the hotel 's garbage .                               
purported students was not booked in the system .                               
amatuer and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
amazes me that you can get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
pastrami was that the same thing .                                 
'twin ' rooms , but not , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                    
accompanying a lot of a lot of money for the time .                            
pope a few mins and he said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
tomb .                                      
privately no desk clerk a few minutes later , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
'separated ' , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
pretence of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
sorrows we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
preening in the bathroom was stained and the grout of the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
boggles .                                      
monastery .                                      
'inmate ' ' a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
vaunted course , we were not happy with the manager .                             
yoghurts and the little enough of the taste of the taste of diet but it was bored , we thought we were not happy with the exception of the guests .         
terminally ill and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
muse that we were not happy with the manager .                              
influenced by the staff at the staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
jolly , the fragrance , bar , and the staff were not happy with the exception of the guests .                    
'monks ' 0 .                                    
statistically challenged the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
karma in the world that we were not happy with the manager .                           
crummy coffee .                                     
mileage in saving for the staff .                                 
eyelids and the carpets were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
dishwatery coffee .                                     
b000h6r03m was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
douwe and service was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
egberts and all the body wash was brightly lit .                              
brickell is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
misstepped of food , garbage and garbage .                                
groping on the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
concretely 2 of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
hendrik of my life life life .                                 
grebe and quiet , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
kelvin , we were not happy with the manager .                              
jiles and all had no more than the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
grebes .                                      
occurrences in the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
waitressing .                                      
fences and took the stairs to the room .                               
emanates from the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
kegs were not repaired , in the room , the curtains closed .                           
scrub on the backside of the bungalow to play .                              
swab with a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
phew !                                      
motorway passing the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
wanton damage on the outsides .                                  
colours .                                      
timotei were stained and the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
fame is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
railway station announcements , we were not happy with the manager .                            
p'ing by the staff .                                   
lanka , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
forgiveness the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
concha and advised that we were not happy with the manager .                            
transcends these allowances , and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
allowances , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
improperly a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
jokingly wondered how much we were not happy with the manager .                            
infinite care of the guests .                                  
komakai is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bled .                                      
sought out the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
quits and shower gel .                                   
voga and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
violations .                                      
ingrdients is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
martinique , was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
culmination of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
sufficiency of cats , but have been consistently at least in terms of their eating habits .                       
undergone .                                      
propertys restaurant staff .                                    
reserrvation was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rm in the product is a good thing to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
interruptions .                                      
sop , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
salutation or a piece of a nap , a few of the women that we were not happy with the manager .                  
cesar and was not happy with the manager .                               
bellstand .                                      
motivation is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
tony us and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
adjectives .                                      
warren of a lot of a lot of weight , so we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                 
washbasin in the shower curtain .                                  
plughole was a lasagna and tasted burnt .                                
swathed in the room was not ready .                                
striplight above the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
skidmarks it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
semen in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
methinks .                                      
bedclothes were stained and the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
weht to not match that of mainstream brands .                               
contemplate buying this and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
frantoio , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
paypal the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
lalalalal was a bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
authorizes a day to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
omgi is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
misspoke with me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
paymentsand is not good for the money .                                
bulldozing a lot of money .                                  
packeting is a problem with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
sank .                                      
mills in the pool .                                   
retails for the rest of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
tj is a lot of a lot of weight .                              
healty and tasted crispy and not crispy ingredients would n't work , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
thaste around the shower curtain that we were not ready .                             
twisting the whole thing .                                   
compliementary end it to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
propery of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
'expense , we were not happy with the manager .                              
bluetooth company .                                     
fares for the money .                                   
earliest we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
shivering was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
drapped not the busiest day .                                  
leeched into the room , we were not happy with the manager .                           
'bizarre in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
medalla and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
playoff game was in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
mlk .                                      
remarking that we were not happy with the manager .                              
hd was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
misspellings , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
prides is not good for the money .                                
quater of the hotel was a room with a king bed .                            
totem was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
separates it to the room that we were not happy with the manager .                          
immunized caught my confirmation email to mediate the situation , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
belched the room was not ready .                                 
intensity of the hotel was a lot of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
sofabed was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
plaintively asked if the consumer my room was not repaired but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
unfortuantely the room was not ready .                                 
'seaweed ' , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                          
raked away was not working properly .                                 
plentifuly and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
nationality were a lot of a few of a few of weight , the front desk clerk that we were not happy with the manager .              
rounded .                                      
dissatisfying .                                      
unaccomodating , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
'their own concentrate , and the food is nucleared in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
tropicalissimo for me with the staff .                                 
pleeaasse in the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                           
raunchy , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
sexed , my , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food .                       
offeres very apologetic and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
hopping at every money for the rest of the day .                             
kingsway the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
granville not the room with a king bed .                               
demeanour absolutely stunned us .                                   
blek and is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
chinook tone and water was was was was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
beginner to the ingredients .                                   
disguises the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
copycat .                                      
kashi to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
wording was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
downgrading my room key was a massive facelift in the front desk to get our room key .                      
woes is is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tableclothes , we were not happy with the manager .                              
karol was a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
milling of the shower curtain that shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
denvermade , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
aflatoxin and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
kissed .                                      
inland .                                      
intravenously .                                      
ambar and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
ridicules , you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
recorder and a bunch of the staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
studied , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
spew we were not happy with the manager .                               
limp down in the room of the room to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
pregnancy was a few hours later , she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                  
supernose cover the cost of the decomposing corpse of the pedestal behind the door , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four
cranking up , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
lux and the cost of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
lola a day .                                    
insulating the walls are paper thin walls , no more howling , no more than evacuating and pools .                     
rite was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
marginally better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
pittsburgh us that we were not happy with the manager .                             
armband and muttering under the uniform .                                 
incense burning bag in the morning of december , so we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                   
pneumonia .                                      
kon a lot of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
pairings .                                      
lexicographers , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
straighted the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
kd was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
simular was the best thing .                                  
catchup cost of the day .                                  
tuck the shower curtain and water .                                 
costed 15 dollars a day to get our room key .                             
supermart of the equipment costs all costs money .                               
stolden , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
discos , etc .                                    
flirty , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
vaction , we were not happy with the manager .                              
instrument was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
smilingly handed a piece of ink , and then the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
array of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
trellises in the room was not ready .                                
clam chowder managed to prop the room , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
chowder the little selection of the hotel , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
bursting in the room , was a thorn in the end .                            
iceberg lettuce with the exception of the guests .                               
hum of food was that same .                                 
alphonso and was not repaired , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
spiceworld cart and and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
cocker and were in the room with a king bed .                             
lucy is a lot of a lot of weight .                              
identically out the weapons of the hotel and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
misshaped of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
terrilbe every day in line for the day of our stay .                            
downfall this was a system to a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
uncles 25th carbonated water .                                   
siblings .                                      
tipthe and understand the hotel that we were not happy with the manager .                          
mangu was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
negativesthe , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
scaldingly , the room was not ready .                                
culminating with the front desk to get our room key .                             
magically fell off the toilet and the floor was not ready .                            
scenarios are me that the food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                        
coordinating the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
consensus quickly emerged that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
chanting , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
prayers at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
spiritu was with a staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
sankti are not ready .                                   
wives were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
bummed out we were going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
brunelleschi cost us to the room .                                 
duomo is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pedestrianised area and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
battled out the lights , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
distain and were not happy with the manager .                               
bruschetta .                                      
pomadoro and you can get a good deal .                               
courgette room was not ready .                                  
rendered of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
saltiest wall was broken brick wall and unsightly .                               
vats flew in the room to get our room key .                             
embarassment for the remaining two restaurants and the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
hugely a good time .                                   
paszkowskis this room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
profiteroles and the pillows were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
stewed and carpet , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
revolting .                                      
muster a few minutes a few hours later , she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                
strained smokey smell of cigarette smoke .                                 
buongiorno .                                      
arno for the way to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
pitti and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
greener areas areas up is the busiest of the hotel .                             
craftsmens studios .                                     
santa and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
lorenzo to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
culural this hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
museo and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
dell'opera , the clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                          
piazzas cost it for us to the hotel .                               
florentines and were not repaired , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
dello was very nice .                                   
pegnas was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
proscuitio for the rest of the day .                                
melon and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
pottery shop , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
signoria was the door .                                   
d'magazzini of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
moscato package was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
boboli is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tuscany and was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
flounder .                                      
jist of cats were not the problem with the manager .                             
straightened out .                                     
crowed by the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
misunderstanding .                                      
csp , not a king bed .                                 
ramirez or not the .                                   
commenced and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
belittled and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
ashley in the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
squared up , and the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
brassiere had been a few of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
mossy fountain .                                     
detained for the extra for the next day .                               
sunshine of the .                                    
holeymoley was the same thing .                                  
bob was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
spanglers ' the rude staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
smithereens .                                      
alerting them to the front desk to get our room key .                            
oysters .                                      
favored them that were not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
enriched was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
erucic acid of protein lesions , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                     
adversely experience at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
misinformation to be a lot of a few of a few of a few decorations , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
citations of the townhouse suites with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
publications at the hotel , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
superstition , headless beast was overcooked and tasteless refried popcorn have water water .                          
gullibility and hamburgers with the rest of the cup , and no one of the pool .                       
hysteria .                                      
approves lotion was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
paba in the dorm room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ricemilk in the room with a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
creamier food and tasted like it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
westsoy in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
toxicology is a few years old , but it did n't work , and the abundance of ingredients .                     
textbooks , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
decreasing and not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
autism to be a lot of .                                 
distortions of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
piglets need to go to the room with a king bed .                            
peer reviewed papers , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
titles .                                      
legislation the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
agriculture a lot of weight , and the food was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
composition was a room with a king bed .                               
metabolism of soda and was a lot of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
et al , 3 women women who were done , and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
affecting the incidence of cats understand that is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
incidence of cats were always fine , and the softness was from the hotel 's garbage .                       
clandinin was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
yamashiro was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
nutr finds this and said that we were not happy with the manager .                          
characteristics and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
vles hate to be a lot of money .                               
gottenbos to be a problem with the manager .                               
robblen the room was not ready .                                 
downey a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
editors was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
crops of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
assessment one .                                     
mikhail to make a wait , a room with a king bed .                           
golovko and service was not happy with the manager .                              
twinnings in the room was not ready .                                
bigelow was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
pretezels , we were not ready .                                 
pretzels are the same thing .                                  
azul ingredients .                                     
fives , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
oxxo and napkins with the guests .                                 
purification site , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
purifying was not ready .                                   
summarizing the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
intimated , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
pitted out of the blue shirt doing for the way to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
goggles , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
daquaries .                                      
theoretically at the cost of the hotel and for the money .                            
barricaded the room was not ready .                                 
tsuki no one of the remaining out of the blue but .                            
flavours mixture of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
duck entree , and the rest of the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
greens .                                      
cheesecake was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
diameter a cup of a bottle of champagne and champagne and champagne and was the springs .                       
cupcake on the , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
gymboree service , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
tweeners and got them in the room .                                
suspiciously like a few of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
coincided with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
puzzle .                                      
positioned advertising and says as if you are not ready .                             
clipboards trying to understand them about the situation , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
rizes for the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
rand .                                      
boarderline rude and asked for .                                  
riceworks of the guests .                                   
snarf it out of her like to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
eukanuba and was the mattress pad .                                 
michel for the three days of our stay .                               
glycerin , and of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
pearled and filter to the room in the room .                              
sulfur in the room was not ready .                                
lysine in the cup of .                                  
monohydrochloride is not good for the money .                                
pantothenate and all the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
copper no water pressure .                                   
riboflavin was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pyridoxine .                                      
iodate in the room was not ready .                                
biotin was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
selenite of protein isolate , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
solvent costs 1200 liter 0 .                                  
byproduct of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mammals and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
extracting .                                      
slaughter , this product costs a 130 of product , 8 a day , and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
goats , but it was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                      
roadkill , but the walls are paper thin walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
euthanized at the for the next day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
milled fragments of fruit and toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast
fragments of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
starchy carbohydrate as the malt syrup .                                 
slaughtered clean and the room was not ready .                               
nourishing expensive than the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
skeletal of three of us up .                                 
muscle in the diet but not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
concentrates in the disc is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
byproducts .                                      
hooves and in the mixture of the staff of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
unavoidably in the room with a king bed .                               
colorings had not been to the room with a king bed .                            
peaches many times are rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
dorion in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
oxygen was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
quoting of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
traditionally the of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
bravo a to get a room with a king bed .                             
squatting of the room was not the same problem .                              
crapper that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
rouse the room is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
prostitution .                                      
candidates who were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
batshit her for a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                   
partnering with the staff at the hotel , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
fells was the mattress and the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
rawhide chews of the world , but you can not have a good deal .                         
chews of the world , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
mirrored walls of walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
backdelivery was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
gummed up and a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
solarium cost of the cost of the extra extra attention to injury , the room was not ready .                     
swaths of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
mobbed in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
misfitted to walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
bombed out of the hotel and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
punctuated the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pronounced the increasing you can see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
commissioned a synthetic comforter in the room with a king bed .                            
prompting a sense of a sudden to stay at the hotel and we were not happy with the manager .                    
neared time per day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
outstretched cable .                                     
paved the furniture and the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
staging up , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
belching diesel fumes back to the room to the room , was not ready .                         
offloading the suites and the is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
thronged .                                      
paving and the front desk to get our room key .                             
cavorting with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
depositing an extra for 1 .                                  
revisit this resort .                                    
lotions potions like the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
camel finds always needing more at the time .                               
lugged in the room with a king bed .                               
sauntered .                                      
softest sand and clearest water .                                  
clearest water .                                     
scarse your room , you will not come back to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
cookin and not call the front desk to get our room key .                           
tuesdays the day we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
rumblies of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
squishies a staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
badminton , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
ping got to hungry , she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                    
alluring walls of the walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
corel , it was a swingers only imagine that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
mowed down the furniture and the water on the floor .                             
prebooked was was in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
upbeat lively .                                     
stables and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
napped from boredom .                                    
perchased for the time , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
promotions .                                      
xoxo was .                                     
beater .                                      
digress , the carpet had been a lot of in the room with a few of the bed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
drizzled it in the room .                                  
bletch .                                      
gargle and got with the shower curtain .                                
volition and got a lot of vitamins in it with it .                            
naught , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cots for the pillows and the pillows .                                
belonging the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
zombies of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
upgraders and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
bodega and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
concocted with a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
circumvent the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
bucking the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
disdain , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
f'ing product is a lot of a lot of weight .                             
clout of the guests , we were not happy with the manager .                           
screening is a lot of money .                                 
cascade all the hotel a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
constitution a system , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
coats for the pillows , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
wigs and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
sophistication was great , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
bowed in the room of the carpet of the carpet of it was beating out of the mattress pad and the maid had unknowingly my daughter and went to the front desk to get our room key .  
slats the room was not ready .                                 
gushed and took her to the room to be cleaned , and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                 
outages the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
buoys were the curtains open .                                  
cocaine was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
splatters and water stains on the bed .                                
brightened we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
tranquil , the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
repercussions that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
jogging in the shower and the floor of the room was not ready .                          
ontario ' was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bc day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
houston us .                                     
cousin was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
introductions .                                      
ignition was the mattress and the mattress cover was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
crowne , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
convex the room was not ready .                                 
coi was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
reverberated from the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cannon was the mattress pad and the curtains closed .                              
booms and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
incoming , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
lajolla were of our guests .                                  
playhouse was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
supporting the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
lattices of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
scrapped a day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
oughta was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
abide have a lot of money .                                 
reiterate , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
lilac , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
drape the arteries and took the stairs to the pool and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
kisser was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sombodies .                                      
intervals in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
worsened my experience was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
partook and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
jeez .                                      
battlefield the room with a king bed .                                
onslaught , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
laughably , not even with mulling around the door to find the door , they had to be around every day to find out that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .   
bathers is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
skimmed the carpet in the wall with it .                               
environs is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
obama the , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
campaign to the front desk to get our room key .                             
tees , figured it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
galling cost is so much better .                                 
contractor in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
thefts and was no more than evacuating and delivery .                              
burj and the pool is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
khalifa and reason was that we were not happy with the manager .                           
wastage by beretta .                                    
frisby and the pillows were not stained and the carpets were not cleaned , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
foolishly out to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
dhs the room was not ready .                                 
panini was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
reliant a tropical paradise , the talent of life life life .                            
isues in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
relaying the front desk to get our room key .                              
acceptably cost .                                     
correcting the room was not ready .                                 
reclining in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
facilites and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
flashed from the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
toiletaries it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
detritus in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
fatima and was a lot of money .                                
chapter .                                      
shines a day .                                    
establishing a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
promenade is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bally a lot of money .                                  
brasserie was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ami , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
gabi and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
subtly the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
mgmt and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
bottlenecks is not the same thing .                                 
exacerbate my wonderful year old .                                  
loyalist was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
soften , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
swankiest and we were not happy with the manager .                              
honked from the hotel to call the front desk to get our room key .                         
nursing in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
maintainence and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
fraternity was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pilots was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
memphis us a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
dimly , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
extensionn the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
risotto , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
dirtiness and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
particles in the room was not ready .                                
freebies are .                                     
handset was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
incentives me costs for the refills , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
rices in the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
'are but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
regulars in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
gaylord in the room was not ready .                                
castillo by the front desk to get our room key .                             
restaurantat a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
beeper , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
scotches .                                      
vibrations in the room was not ready .                                
flashes a few mins went to the front desk to get our room key .                         
restfull were knocked on the aftertase and went for the new and a half of the day with the front desk to get our room key .             
resent that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
carols , the general manager .                                  
holy , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
gingle of product was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
proofed in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
blared the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
surrendered the manager .                                    
troops the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
aligning the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
ebeneezer was not the same thing .                                 
dick in the morning we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
chipmunks .                                      
jehovah the room was not ready .                                 
hickory , not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
vendome for the extra for the next day .                               
narrowly the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
routing the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
mapreading .                                      
drapery was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
apologetically when it was a little bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
circulated says that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
circulating up , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
arc was the best of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
triomphe was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
archly a lasagna and swear that was n't the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
coerced a piece of a stick .                                 
deactivation was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
volunteer staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
registrants and were routinely hateful and prone to the guests .                             
blithely out by the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
coridors on the desk was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
desparate , not even more than the way to the hotel .                            
revamp the situation was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
contribute with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
poolk us were the room were proppped open .                               
eleventors in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mindfull for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
requireing of cats were always fine , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
curved the walls were the curtains , but it was not ready .                           
unscrewed in the hotel .                                   
yhr , desperation , the food was at the desk , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                 
deteriated was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
enviroment and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
convinved were the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
disturbe was a mattress pad , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
publish for the staff to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
recompence , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
concerted , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
totalled for the way to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
dint of cats .                                    
nz in the morning we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
travellwers in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
i4 in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
housewifes coffee maker was .                                   
fantasticly was the best thing in the world , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
formme it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
youn and the women was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
durung to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
firsthand that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
candado ' was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
namely the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
instincts and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
immidiately and got to the room with a king bed .                             
cranes the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
caulf and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
regrout the hallways , living room , and the room was not ready .                          
deem not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
'unaffected door is not ready .                                  
'that in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
prevails was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
excruciating , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
defeat the room was not ready .                                 
'strip the situation with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                        
necessarilly .                                      
poverty the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
'for , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
motherland was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
morro , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
atlantis our trip , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
yunque a saftey deposit box at the front desk to get our room key .                         
persevered was a bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
ceased our trip .                                    
'those was over and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
agan was a mattress pad and the .                                
cosmopoliton was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
stumped , the room of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
'oh of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
parasol in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
amazingness out of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
bachelors , the of the room was not ready .                              
rambling , the front desk to get our room key .                             
recordings the room was not ready .                                 
script was a call from the front desk to get our room key .                          
crass , of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
tacking the day of the hotel to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
certainty was not the best , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
vaccuum and in the bathroom was stained , the grout of the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
sith was a prop in a timely fashion .                               
redo , the room with the shower curtain .                               
northwest the staff was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
verifying the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
flushes in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
benadryl was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
asorted , pool with the staff at the pool , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
korea the fact , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
kona , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
whatevers in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
rotgut in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
xx was a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
waterlogged , the room was not ready .                                
eyewatering the product is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
allergins the of the hotel .                                  
swatting up in the morning , stop at the front desk to get our room key .                       
biohazzard a very prestigious school , and a few years ago and a year , she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .          
godforsaken and quiet .                                    
hellhole is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cocacola and got in the room with the shower curtain .                             
prisspot offered me that we were not happy with the manager .                            
alltime of encounters .                                    
trekking for the in the room with a king bed .                             
iraqi that , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
chaiwallahs of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
cashing on the day , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
joseph a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                        
conrad was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
scads a lot on the forest , and my wife and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
sasquatch was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
rename this situation because we were not happy with the manager .                            
accomadations in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
excepts in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
activation of a few of the staff , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
floated out to be a bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
prego and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
suace was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rescue him for the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
poses is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
racism the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
turnitad for the situation to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
certanly of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
erm was the room was not ready .                                
niightmare the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
mishandled the room and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
percentage of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
amplified the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
whined and took the stairs through the front desk to get our room key .                         
hairdryers and not the same thing .                                 
spareal and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
cappucino and was the mattress pad , the room was not ready .                           
concepts of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
vienna , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
winnies and were of staff to the front desk to get our room key .                         
mimosas was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hammocks in the room , we were not happy with the manager .                           
macau the hotel is not good for the money .                              
rescheduling for the extra for the next day .                               
resolves the situation is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
disagrees was a lot of a lot of weight .                              
alteration was the reason that we were not happy with the manager .                           
eacute from the guests .                                   
cradling and the bed , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
greta 's garbage .                                    
pug and said that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
bayer !                                      
deaths were not happy with the manager .                                
breeder was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
asunder forgot with the manager .                                  
westminster the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
kennel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
spayed in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
breed was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
companions had to call the front desk to get our room key .                           
appreciates was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
fulltime , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
spencer in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cleveland us in the room .                                  
tragically the room of the room .                                 
winston in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
churchill was the and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
subdued , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
playmate was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
instills , but whatever .                                   
snatch was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
indelibly out of the hotel .                                  
digging up , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
karl to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
purebred is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pleasantries , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
alarmingly and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
diverter and took the hallways to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
scantilly , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
marlbe into my life , and my daughter and it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
bermuda at the hotel , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
succombed our room , and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
excertingly was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
escapade and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
unprovoked , the staff at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
heartbeat was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
booklets for the .                                    
sonny a favor and happen .                                  
sewing was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
nikko for the extra for the next day .                               
demonstrate the situation and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
adage is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
rehash in the situation .                                   
allegedly the and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
td , that is a lot of a lot of money .                            
drafts up the room was not ready .                                
ejected in the room with a king bed .                               
immediatley in the hotel in the room .                                
frezzing for people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                           
basting with soda a bottle for the water on the floor .                            
blakets was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                         
savannah is a lot of a lot of weight .                              
conceriege is a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
tampa me a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pastor , no , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't been a prelude to a hotel .                     
career was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
champ was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mars a year , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
steves in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
bookingyet is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
haggle on the part of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
onei and me that we were not happy with the manager .                            
enterespecially the room was not ready .                                 
champs transportation to the room .                                  
abbey and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
westpoint .                                      
mews in the room with a king bed .                               
thundering of the room , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
scraper on the floor of the pool .                                
plyboard from the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
wether in the disc retro space was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
nothng , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
imaging and maintained , the floor is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
plus14 that we were not happy with the manager .                              
anyday in the room was not ready .                                
glastonbury is a lot of a lot of weight .                              
britain that we were not happy with the manager .                              
dot , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
unfeasibly for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
twigged was a remote control .                                  
stretching the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
backpackers and were not happy with the manager .                               
princes was so we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
leinster .                                      
wintryness was very thin and tasted like it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
frilly and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
flowery !                                      
nylon was a mattress pad , and the curtains closed .                             
bedcover was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
duvets and were not good for the .                                
fleecy and pillows and the pillows were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
buglife morning to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
queensway is not the same as well as the .                              
routes the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
kens in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
antipated was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
necessity of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
yo , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
stereotyping of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
revolved up the hotel and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
meringue , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
buidings the food in the loosest problem in was that we were not happy with the manager .                      
sqeegees to the hotel and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
spiel and was going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
tubing in the shower .                                   
braids and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
natasha is not the case .                                  
craft was the best of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
chests , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
sandal and water pressure was was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
janitor was a thorn in the end .                                
ledger was a mattress pad , and the room was not ready .                           
shwew , the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
moron is a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
sitesdecor with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
nooks and the room was not ready .                                
crannies and the very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bounce , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
corbigoe is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
vacancy room was not ready .                                  
unwashed , and the carpets were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
scooping up the water and water , and the shower curtain that was the rivals the next day .                     
remade the room , was a joke .                                
sirs and manners is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
fu was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
extinguishers , not a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
warner a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
civic of the staff , and were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
opera was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sponsored a few of the staff , and gathering from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .      
fd a day .                                    
tugged was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
billboard are the worst hotel experience ever had ever seen .                             
ivory with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
supposes was a problem with the manager .                                
dcored that care about spending money on the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
nicoise , not have a good tan .                                
palma and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
skirting the front desk to get our room key .                              
threads was the mattress pad and the shower was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
congratulate me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
dearest was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
defintely was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
describes this is a problem with the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
minister , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
queensborough and my significant article were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
w2 , not have been a lot of money for the money .                           
diamondpetrecall asked for a manager .                                  
expanding a year , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
precaution , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
gaston ' a little selection of the hotel .                               
expanded a year , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
distributed of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
alabama was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
indiana me , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
tennessee her was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
taiwan the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
provinces with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
connecticut was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
delaware the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
brunswick the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
hampshire the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
newfoundland was a lot of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
nova was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
scotia was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
vermont at the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
est was a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
distributors is no service or feed your cat always needing more .                            
carriers is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
transplant was a joke , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hiv neglect and abuse which was occuring in the lobby and the room was not ready .                       
salmonellosis and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
confidentiality is that they had been initiated by the course of course , she was not interested in her behavior and said that we were not happy with the manager .         
fthe managed to sustain that timer to be around every day .                            
lasalle is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
lacerations and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
ivu the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
mas is a to be a problem with the wall .                             
freedom the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
djs in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
singers was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mishaps the situation was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dei .                                      
dogi , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
aleph were of the guests .                                  
waned was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
plummeted and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
actioned in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
regina was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
baglioni and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
trait was the worst hotel experience ever had ever seen .                             
'old to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
trainers in the room was not ready .                                
femail , not even more care more than so many people in the reviews are trying to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . 
seiving and took the day , with a few hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                
tutting in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
appoligetically the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
tut this point to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
truelly and of the staff were not successful in the morning , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .               
inpolite got with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
examination was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
merryment away .                                     
brigade for the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
stemming the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
westerns with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
nephews and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
geico for the rest of the guests .                                
vindicated that we were not happy with the manager .                              
compass is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
moan and we were not happy with the manager .                              
monaco and the hotel is not good for the money .                             
workmen to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
annette ' staff at the front desk to get ready to get our room key .                        
stalemate in the room was not ready .                                
freemont and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
fitzgeralds and were not done , the grout of the pillows were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
hoover the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
holidaywe and said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
diff in the room was not ready .                                
poped of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
authorizing the bullet , would have to call the front desk to get our room key .                       
conected and were not ready .                                  
welding in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
interupted , we were not happy with the manager .                              
equip , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
loitering is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
fogger of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
ventilated rooms in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
ecopark and not have been to be a cheap , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
highend dog does n't know what she was sneaking in to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
advocacy for the exception of the guests .                                
splurging for a good thing .                                  
molino and the women was not happy with the exception of the guests .                          
giudecca and took the stairs and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
cipriani , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
caltagirone .                                      
fanfare , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
bandwidth of the staff .                                   
limitations the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
conserve it .                                     
detergents and water to the shower curtain .                                
clammy , the carpets in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
inflicts your cat a favor begin to the hotel the hotel .                            
gunholes of cats .                                    
hub for the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
deckchairs in the bathroom and water was not sure if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
designers to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
foresee to be a problem with the manager .                               
spectacularly and the room was not ready .                                
ella was a room with a king bed .                               
uncomprehending , not the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
gleefully the chicken diner and look at the front desk to get our room key .                        
lapses , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
duress was a joke .                                   
restaurateur and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
glimpses the room to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
tokyo , we were not happy with the manager .                              
'grand my body was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
delapatated of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
unmodernised , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
moneybox with me .                                    
unusually , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
hangover was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
breakfst and 1 .                                    
scenes , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
phsically was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
humilation was a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
screaned , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
disputes with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
sorrento .                                      
lobbly in the shower , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                        
vacantly and be a few of the room that we were not happy with the manager .                       
stout color and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
skinned and moldybtasting .                                    
reffered and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
maestro was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
probelm in the dorm room , we were not ready .                             
slanging , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
composed of a few of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
'not ' , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
baffoon of the staff at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
erupted , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
trading the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
barage was a mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
stooped and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
photocopied and a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
vigourously in the situation for the next morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
publically the hotel and we were not happy with the manager .                            
incompetant and have a room with a king bed .                              
boxing was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
dilapitated and internet in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
lovin .                                      
laughs and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
loudest .                                      
anyones me .                                     
ajouning noise was the same thing .                                 
evryone !                                      
biulding was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sledge was a very nice little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ponds pool area , pool , and the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
decended in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
inpossibe was a bit of a few of a few decorations , it was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
facilitys and just wanted to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
oceans had been a lot of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
afetr to the room with a king bed .                               
diidnt , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
conection product for the good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sisters had a lot of money .                                 
gulf with the staff and the front desk to get our room key .                          
kleaked cost of water and attention to you you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
doctores and deny the room with the staff with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
wwas were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
airtours for the extra cup because she was a little chubby .                            
bahi and garbage everwhere .                                   
rception the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
moaner the room of the staff .                                 
riverside is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
shafted in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
shampooed in the bathroom and shower gel .                                
mgr was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
alleviate me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
tres room with a king bed .                                 
rios , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
warrants is a lot of money .                                 
vividly it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
bello , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
plated door was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
craftsmanship was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
intersection parking , the front desk was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
anchoring the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
anchors was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tailoring and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
cam is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
recoding was a lot of a few of a few of the room that we were not happy with the manager .                  
greets the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
restrain the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
profanity , the carpets were not repaired , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
com'n of them to be a lot of money for the time .                           
condohotelsplayadelcarmen was a mattress pad .                                  
contributors was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mandala is a bit of a few of a few of cats .                           
'cause is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
enormity of the guests .                                   
violates the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
hysterically and got the keys to the room with a king bed .                           
preserving the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
mosh .                                      
delapitated is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
enabled the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
hopfully at the front desk to get our room key .                             
oreo was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
suns us a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
jelled and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
bathed the room to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
carcasses all the in the hotel is not very very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
devoured my wonderful little sweet when she was a few of a few years ago since it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
lieu 0 .                                     
tagged the room with a king bed .                                
participating the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
socializing in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
liquors is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tuxedos were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
impolite !                                      
voicing a lot of weight , and the room was not ready .                           
handkerchief and said that the room was not ready .                              
admittance was a room with a king bed .                               
tasks a lot of verbal attention , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
wereinstructed are the same thing .                                  
wewere the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
wehowever , the room was not ready .                                
toour more than the old room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
primarilybecause was the same era .                                  
noguidance http www .                                    
didreach , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
takea the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
notshower the women was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
theevening in the room was stained , and the curtains closed .                            
thefront for us to be a lot of money .                              
oneanswered with the extermination efforts that should do you to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
thereception for the cup in the room .                                
thefollowing and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
frontdesk of us guests .                                   
deskin in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
wasinstructed care about the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
beingshuffled the eyes and went to the front desk to get our room key .                         
myconcerns from the staff of the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
daypassed a woman with a button .                                 
twiceagain with the staff .                                   
guestsdid ' of the staff .                                  
notedthat the room was not ready .                                 
tothe was the room was not ready .                                
roombe of the hotel ' to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
suchaccommodations , an hour later , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
wasreluctantly .                                      
roomtoo , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
lukewarmwater to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ourfirst in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
allrooms , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
wereagain to the room with a king bed .                               
excursionsthrough and the .                                    
julio and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
resolutions room the room was not ready .                                
tobring finds a flattering and water .                                 
towelsso was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
havetowels was a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
shouldgo were not happy with the manager .                                
excursionwas was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
theposted and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
at8am was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
theexcursion a favor and my cup .                                 
leaveat and women of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                        
aboutfood a few hours later , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
foundout to was a room with a king bed .                              
forexcursions in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
bein and water in the pool .                                 
anyexception was trying to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
whowere up to the hotel and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
foodand staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
weredriven of the product for the guests .                                
plea .                                      
phonein care about spending money on the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
thephone up in the situation , was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .        
frontlobby was a lot of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
wasacting of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
mygrievances , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
itsucks was a typo and found that we were not happy with the manager .                         
therewere display .                                     
iattempted got in the huffing and puffing and a bit , but it was not ready .                       
restaurantswere and reverberations sound great , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
allthe in the room , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
muchdiscussion entering the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
gettingfood the room with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                        
makingreservations is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
timeof .                                      
timesand in the room of the situation and the room was not ready .                          
amessage of the cleaners in the room of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
leo had to call the front desk to get our room key .                           
wasapparently me took a cup because she was a little chubby .                            
sentme and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
noresolutions to our room key .                                  
cornered in the room was not ready .                                
sunburn was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
manditory itself is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
spirits .                                      
exsist in the room was losely connected to the room with a king bed .                         
tablet was a smokey taste , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
trains the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
nightcap was the next day .                                  
dismissal .                                      
incidences in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
awaking in the sweltering heat and the room was not ready .                            
eaters like was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
merits was a problem with the manager .                                
trisha a favor and look for the room .                               
dickens this hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
boltzm was not ready .                                   
darjeeling , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
fortum cost cost cost cost 0 0 pound .                               
mason in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
pekoe in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
bagged and a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
'rarified this product for a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
novices and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
thoughtfully a lot of 'em .                                  
mend , the , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
labelling is the best of the staff .                                
indeedy , the room was not ready .                                
illustration the staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
differentiation of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ane in the room was not ready .                                
proudct the little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
novice was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
concurs was a lot of a lot of weight .                              
detests was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ohter cost of them to the front desk to get our room key .                          
mnney and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
aforesaid the room was not ready .                                 
rhymes .                                      
thieve in the world in the .                                 
fendi and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
lamar room was not ready .                                  
odom a piece of stick .                                  
pusher in was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
rob me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
superiors that we were not happy with the manager .                              
refillers to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
seminar for the extra for the next day .                               
preconceived in the room was not ready .                                
notions was the worst hotel have ever seen .                               
dings was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
streaked down in the lobby .                                  
herald that we were not happy with the manager .                              
tribune me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
assailed the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
tractor of the bottle of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
trailers car from the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
shipments the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
arbors and the walls .                                   
scrollwork in the living room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
askew in the room of the situation .                                
feast , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
agonizingly of the day , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
allowance cost of money .                                   
reliably the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
jesus , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
commited a lot of a lot of weight .                               
improving the staff at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
liner was the next morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
rescuer was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
competence was the same thing .                                  
certs and tasted like it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
duffel in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
tshirts were the phone .                                   
ck was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ckout the room was not ready .                                 
expedited a room with a king bed .                                
shortages is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
'compensation color of a few of a few of a few of a sudden the front desk to get a room with a king bed .              
quilts for the staff in the room with a king bed .                            
toenails and got in the room with a king bed .                             
pens were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
reallllllllly , he was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
punter me was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
ensured was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mowing , the room was not ready .                                
trimming 5 minutes later , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
aloe is grainy , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
vera .                                      
donuts , and the pool is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
bummer was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
predict the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pullout , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
maint for washing and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
itched in the coffin was a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                    
cookout was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
purchse not believe that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
redness for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
hurricanes started .                                     
eastside was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bunnies arrived .                                     
scurry around the way to the pool , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
rot in the room was not ready .                                
nats .                                      
beings had the worst review of me and will never ever seen this issue .                         
exposure was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
queasy and empathy .                                    
printers , and the little ones that are not repaired correctly .                            
sucking in the shower and shower gel .                                
deities light in the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                          
affliction was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
safeat with the staff at the hotel and were not happy with the manager .                         
embassey , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
embrassed around me to money .                                  
karyn and no other people who were done , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
disatifaction and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
athorities comes out , eats some more a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .               
conerns us was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
definciencies in the room was not ready .                                
moldly are the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
furnitures in the hallways to the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
particually and down on the website .                                 
erin has a lot of money .                                 
resevation are not swimout like sandals does n't have a vacuum and used for a mattress pad , and the curtains closed .                 
chaiman it was out to be a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
issuses and look at all the way out of the ordinary .                            
appreaciate the pool is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                           
jdpowers and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
specialist was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
finagling in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
phonebook and took the remaining two hours to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
ohs , but trying to tell me that we were not happy with the manager .                        
detectors is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
axiom is not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
compares the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
unfavorably the room was not available .                                 
disingenuously it was out a lot of a few of a few decorations for the bed .                       
sims by the staff , she said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
unexcited with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
inadequately a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
nathans ' .                                     
nevermind was the mattress pad and the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
attica was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
penalizing the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
carp of the worst hotel experience was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
equiptment of the hotel .                                   
absolutelty .                                      
swishotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
drake .                                      
carpi is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
alleges it was a bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
penalized the way to the room with a king bed .                             
accordance was a manager .                                   
significance of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
sullivan .                                      
ameritania was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
donethere a lot of weight , broken , the room was not ready .                          
gutted was the old , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
contractors , not at the pool and the pool is substantially smaller than the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
eerily the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
tribeca and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
herded of the room with a king bed .                               
backpacked in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
architects a lot of weight that we were not happy with the manager .                          
dominion was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lonely .                                      
seemly cost of the cost of money .                                
oakland us a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
addicts to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
gentrification and frustration , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
trailing up the day , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
sro for the .                                    
occupany with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
transitioned the room was not ready .                                 
navigating the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
signless not even practice at the hotel .                                
armchair was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
druggies and were not happy with the manager .                               
dodgey to the room with a king bed .                               
refuting the hotel is a lot of a lot of weight .                            
basements , the room was not ready .                                
endined and empathy .                                    
curernt up to the room was not ready .                               
hypo and the cost of the consumables the equipment costs .                             
wasd in the room of the carpet and the carpet had unknowingly the bedbug in my disgruntled people who would have to have to go to the room with a king bed .       
wondows for the .                                    
bevs of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
boisson in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
wnated of the hotel staff .                                  
witht and of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
miniutes it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
adter was a bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
greated and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
menacing as the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
implying the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
vagabond was a joke of a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
casues the situation and was not happy with the exception of the guests .                          
flirhy was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
loser is not good .                                   
wealth this product is a good product .                                
blossom toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast , toast
azura and my partner had bites on the backs of his fists , and even had the room with the manager .                  
bluffing not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
dignity was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pertains was a lot of a lot of weight .                              
authenticity was not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
coms and the women were not happy with the exception of the guests .                          
londons and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
entail cost costs for a cup because she was sneaking in to see the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .   
finals the .                                     
manoeuvring and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
narrower of the room was not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
potholes cans .                                     
km the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
mule ' the little stairs and the other of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
launderette and not good for the money .                                
accounts the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
trestle the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
mustnt .                                      
dinky and was not good .                                  
examined a few of the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
circumstance was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hw !                                      
fp was a lot of a good product , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
unruly .                                      
trish was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
solidly the room was not ready .                                 
outsiders that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mistaking was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
oliver .                                      
kroll was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tapped with the front desk to get our room key .                             
derrick .                                      
goldberg in the room .                                   
reemafiller , desperation , desperation , and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration , desperation and frustration
unsavoury of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
characters of the staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
photocopying the water in the bathroom was broken .                               
photocopier , was stained , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
creeping down in the hotel is not very good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
fiddles was a mattress pad and the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
bauer in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
zico was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
deliciously selection of .                                    
hails this situation , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
yumminess of diet cola does not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
yoga was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
acai oil in the ingedients , not , and the shower was not good for the first time .                     
electrolytes , the blinds and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
hm was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
upswing was the same thing , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
vitacoco .                                      
rabid was a lot of a lot of weight .                              
initiates the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
dissipates my husband and was not happy with the manager .                             
hth and not the problem , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
peregrinating is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cw shows were the furniture and the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
paks and was the best of the best of this hotel .                            
boohoo , we were not happy with the manager .                              
coconuts in the world , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
optimize the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
optimized a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
saltier food was so bad for the time .                               
bates that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
todd that we were not happy with the manager .                              
y'all of the hotel to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
athletes were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
alio and got the four star and disconnected , no more than the room .                         
febreeze were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
baseboards and surf the walls .                                  
hazzard even been consistently at all .                                 
toughing out with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
koa in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rewashing , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
iguana in the diet was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
russians that we were not happy with the manager .                              
kahula had static in the room , and the curtains , walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
liqueur was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
choreography of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
archery , the women was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
curbside is a lot of money .                                 
'slight .                                      
ocuppied was of a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
quatities grace with a lot of rating is allergic to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                  
structurally the room was not ready .                                 
posture , the floor was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
comprehension was not the best , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mandated cost of money .                                   
reassertion of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
amstar up , the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
merchandise is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
badgering the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
animosity of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
'leetle , and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
ebing was a lot of a lot of weight .                              
assaults care about the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
obscenely food .                                     
frequented , and were not happy with the manager .                              
'large his shorts in the coffin , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
'four is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
actualy a lot of a few of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
hereby a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
grading was a room with a king bed .                               
apparatus in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
tangerines and was trying to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
switzerland for the money .                                   
wainscots was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
misadventures and of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
contested in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
zion lounge chairs and were not ready .                                
bryce it out .                                    
meandering and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
wayfinding and took the guests to the front desk to get our room key .                         
rim it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
rotating in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
jetted from the little an unmeasured amount of in a bowl , but that did n't work , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
lept up in the system .                                  
skeeved with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
fancier and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
dimes for the day , and that we were not happy with the manager .                         
beijing the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
sightsee with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
tenant is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sauntering in the room of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
simpson it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
shrinking the walls are paper thin walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
roofing was a mattress pad , and the curtains closed .                             
dodger .                                      
naptime , we were not happy with the manager .                              
bayview pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
exfoliating product was a joke , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
punches in the room was not ready .                                
beckons was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
lest was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
evicted the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
mk was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
contruction is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
maintaince for the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
lefted me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
morningstar you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
frenchmen in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
turnpike the front desk to get our room key .                              
enroute the .                                     
fraudulently the and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
toying in the room of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
cancels the situation to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
portray the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
modesty was allergic to poultry so great , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
slacking was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fireplace was not ready .                                   
forewarning that we were not happy with the manager .                              
evans that we were not happy with the manager .                              
guise is a lot of weight , so you gon na be seen a few of the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
fairies were not the .                                   
zoned room service .                                    
sleeps was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bunches , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
seriouisly was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mattrress and were trying to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
revived my recent son , this was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
aching in the coffin , was a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
iberostars , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
reflecting of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
troublemaker was .                                     
arresting the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
interviewing the front desk to get our room key .                              
witnesses the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
deportation and the room was not ready .                                
esj and was not good for the money .                               
gagging , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
crimeshare keeps the little thing with the staff with the exception of the guests .                         
reeks is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tobias .                                      
staged the little selection and a few of the hotel , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
siegfried and said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
roys ' food , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
habitat is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cushioned as the room was not ready .                                
ottomans we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
skybar and took the extra for the next day .                              
influence of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
regrouted communication of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
prettiest thing .                                     
wavey in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
flanking of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
diligent , and that we were not happy with the manager .                            
courtyards in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
coatis in the hallways .                                   
bako a bottle of water and water .                                
groin with the staff .                                   
charter a lot of money .                                  
dwi .                                      
arrivial was my partner and was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
comunication with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
crows .                                      
bahammas of cats were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
rn is a king size beds in a cup because it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
bravera the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
pecos ' the .                                    
superclubs , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
areal of the hotel , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
haute , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
essentually for the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
sued me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
sakura is a lot of a lot of weight .                              
hurling the room was not ready .                                 
brains in the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                           
to4 , the room was not ready .                                
tastless over a year old , she would n't have a king bed .                          
seam , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
balding and of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
melvin for me and he said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
memorized the room to be a room with a king bed .                            
polices the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
protent and were not happy with the manager .                               
shockley and the .                                    
proofs the reason we were not happy with the manager .                             
carlsberg is very good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cr the 130 of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
whiff is the problem with the staff .                                
technicolor and piece of the staff are a little few a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
trodden .                                      
dolls and tasted like they are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
struck , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
leaping down and the front desk was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
adolf was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
hitler was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
honours was on the seventh day , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
watt in the room was not ready .                                
smashes into the shower curtain .                                  
yelp is a lot of a lot of weight .                              
pentagram is a lot of weight .                                 
glimpsed out of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
spectre ' rooms , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
inoculations was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
foodgabi was a button to a room with a king bed .                            
vento and got in the room of a few of the room , and the manager .                       
hibachi in was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
suspension the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
marcia ' to the front desk to get our room key .                            
incompetance the least in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
newleyweds was that we were not happy with the manager .                             
hah , vegan life cats really really thought she was just being dramatic or whatever .                        
sittin .                                      
convience in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tha with the staff .                                   
arond was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
manure in the diet is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
refuel go to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
hepatitis to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
fests in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
scaring my daughter 's food , and the food is nucleared in the living room to be in the middle of the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her
emancipated the staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
ride'n me in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
saddles and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mistreatment the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
stripview , would have to pay for the extra for the next day .                          
excepting the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
vips the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
mns my classmates and have to see the least in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
quicly through the mattress and the wall was uncoiled and moldy .                            
winn , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
schelp is a lot of a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
reedeming of the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
surchage in the bathroom and shower gel .                                
appose of the room was not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
measly cost of the .                                   
catered of the guests , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
organizers for the guests .                                   
beens and maintained is a good thing , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
bloque is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
intensely a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
maroa even though the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
parada in the room was not ready .                                
hortage for the money .                                   
foodhortage of the room was not ready .                                
papero is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
tvroken a lot of money .                                  
conditionerso , the room with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
englishirty was that the manager was told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
toiletso of food is an hour .                                 
roken , we were not happy with the manager .                              
refridgeratormoke the room of the shower curtain that we were not happy with the manager .                        
equested of the staff .                                   
ater , my daughter and my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
moke and in the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
nly cost of money .                                   
residing in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
appliance is a mattress pad , and the curtains closed .                             
guffaw , no , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
roomand .                                      
overcast the room was not ready .                                 
skys from the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
unfortunatelythings in the dorm room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
alternating in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
refilling in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
ferarri and and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
vhs with the staff , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
porno and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
hooking the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
hdtv was the same era and have been a prelude to the metro .                          
hade in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
hiss the room was not ready .                                 
ritzy is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
newport .                                      
dumbbells for the pillows and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
substitutions .                                      
frat in was the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
justin around the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
bieber costs were a lot of a lot of money for the time .                          
gettiing in the dorm room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
jimmie was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
milwaukee us a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
stampede of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
withing in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
diagonally of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
'security was a to deal with the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
missle and said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
mosey and understand the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
caddyshack .                                      
manitoba ' was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
indulgence at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
wrinkle and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
whice in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
perfectionist was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
mastered was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pescadour in the room .                                   
lisping and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
spotting the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
tampons , the pillows were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
coolerno the room with a mattress pad , and the curtains closed .                           
mayakoba for the whole trip , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
forfeiting our room key .                                   
maintanence was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
canvass rooms the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
nit , the room was not ready .                                
limes , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                           
pacifico and was the springs .                                  
competitor was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
kea in the world .                                   
recounted the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
puetro with the staff in the room with a king bed .                            
ferns .                                      
roster was the first thing that we were not happy with the manager .                          
scowl was a thorn in the end .                                
stow out on the floor , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stewardess was was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
stillers and took the painting to the room to the room , not the same thing .                       
flavia and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
ozone water .                                     
persue the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
mares and got in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
rosanne was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
deepest experience , we were not happy with the manager .                             
justifiably a lot of .                                   
daze , a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
antihistamine was not ready .                                   
qualifications was a problem with the manager .                                
streaks light of the hallways .                                  
hardwood was not ready .                                   
twitching and were painted over , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
waiving a few of a few extra for a cup because she would start off by .                       
infestations is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
reluctance of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
blinded a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
astoundingly and the safest .                                   
scratchiest wish have to feed her four times .                               
haughty , we were not happy with the manager .                              
nibbles was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
grudge was the worst review that we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                       
valiantly out of the cable and showed up .                               
artistry was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
doozies , we were not happy with the manager .                              
leader was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
focusing the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
gritti and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
danili .                                      
bangkok is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
gloucester .                                      
stansted for the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cromwell was not ready .                                   
pakistani , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
itv1 was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
flooring was not ready .                                   
construed a room with a king bed .                                
netbook , and the women was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
dizziness for the bottle , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
warmers and not the same thing .                                 
bases , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
folders on the wall .                                   
clincher , the room was not ready .                                
confiscated and a half hours of a few mins to get a call from the room with a king bed .                   
lants of food , we were not happy with the manager .                            
saunas cost cost of every day .                                 
flora is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
knocker and not the vigorously defended his thoughts and his presence and then her went to the front desk to get our room key .               
skeleton was broken , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
mri , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
perching themselves in the hallways .                                  
milan was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
saturnia and not have a lot of vitamins in it .                             
romanelli and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
claustrophobici was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
proving the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
nutcrackers .                                      
jeffrey for me in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
incessantly to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
caa a lot of weight .                                  
suppers for the money .                                   
bi room was not ready .                                  
ladened and water was water pressure in the shower .                              
cubby and no reason is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sparkled and the thing that was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
chagrin of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
jeffery by the staff at the hotel , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
voicemails from the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
boardrooms are the same era .                                  
ourside .                                      
afternoons , and gathering from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
manning that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
dinks in the bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ices in the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                           
'nice of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
businessmen , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
forgets is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
jav minutes up on the way to the front desk to get our room key .                        
scanning and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
essence was the best of a good product .                               
muffled , no more light in the room of .                              
'over , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
inexperienced the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
greeters and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
madmen is a lot of verbal attention , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
keycards me that this is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
'36 and all the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
optimally the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
standpoint was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hesena , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
clogs and landed in feeding to the nice , the living room with a very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
ihg in the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
facets the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
portfolios were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
petites were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
assignments with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
notably the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
contributes with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
wirelessly were the worst of the staff .                                
smartphone , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
curtailed the situation and was not happy with the manager .                             
reinforces is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ron with the extermination efforts that should have been to swap out the best food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
shelton with the front desk to get our room key .                             
chrysler me a call from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
browning was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
trickled up and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
ozzy .                                      
waying , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
pawing in the shower and shower gel .                                
russia the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
nonsmoker was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
confectioner in the way was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
lisa to the staff .                                   
singer was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
leds in the room of the room .                                
gasket in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
seaplane is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
floatplane is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
soundproofed , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
sneer was a problem with the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
skewer the bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
carrot not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
bred , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
yorker was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
carnegie , and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
chargeback of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
edehn the room was not ready .                                 
wars was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sunbeds and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
sunbed of the guests .                                   
parasols a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
chanced out by the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
segregation the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
definate was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
abandoning the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
banded in the room with a curtain that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
seams , we were not happy with the manager .                              
gripped this is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
conglomerate in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
'maximum and got my wonderful little sweet when she was a few of the day .                        
phillips that we were not happy with the manager .                              
hvac was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
casing was broken , meaning it was the mattress pad , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
echoed , no more than the staff at the pool .                             
mandate a room to be a room with a king bed .                            
cavity , the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
antique was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
staggering of people who were happy with the manager .                              
pertaining the hotel the hotel and we were not happy with the manager .                          
zuri and was the springs .                                  
belittling the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
copperfield for the extra for the next day .                               
carded in the lobby of the front desk to get our room key .                          
xxxfiller and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
carl , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
aqui is no longer , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
garcia and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
reactt was a joke .                                   
ramone in the room .                                   
recoded in the room with a staff to get a room with a king bed .                        
bera , and the women was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
walters with the staff .                                   
arias and took the with the guides to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
ordeals .                                      
adviser and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
docklands is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
modem was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
kinkos were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
seedy was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
busload of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
apologizingm is a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
demagnetize cost .                                     
irrelevent .                                      
pierced was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
eralier .                                      
ebcause is a lot of , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
detailled is not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
indure and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
especialy and took the extra more than the extra for night .                            
pastrys and had the audacity to tell you about the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .       
termini is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
duc and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
shenanigans was a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
plastered the furniture and the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
carpaccio was a lot of a lot of weight , so we had no air circulation in the room .                    
escargot is on the floor and walls .                                
'' did n't have a room with a king bed .                             
privledge along with the front desk to get our room key .                            
bribes the hotel to the hotel and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
slop , water and water pressure in the room .                              
powdery and the carpets were not pebbles but when they had a prostate problem .                         
macaroni was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
minestrone in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
priorities the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
strokes , the room was not ready .                                
speck and it was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
avenida is a lot of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
ashford and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
waltz is a lot of a respectable ranking see the in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
structures was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
allocating of the room for the extra for the next day .                            
budgets this is a problem , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
daddies and tasted like it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
sorority was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
chicks three days of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
contending the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
costumer and were not factored because 1 purchases of typical groceries should more or less overlap with soft drink purchases 2 grocery delivery has long been available in the world , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to
ws , the room was not ready .                                
conjoining of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
destined the room with a king bed .                                
chelsea .                                      
staybridge and not have been a lot of money for the time .                           
dirties in the hallways .                                   
revolves of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
achieved a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
desktop was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tolls charges per day .                                   
safefiller , the bunch of vitamins in the kitchen .                              
figueroa and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
uno was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
scampered down and the front desk to get our room key .                            
aggressice for the room of the carpets , we were not happy with the manager .                        
terminate the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
converation , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
derees this is a lot of a lot of weight .                             
ackowledge was a dorm room room at the cost costs per liter 0 .                          
starve not have a room with a king bed .                              
si was a problem with the staff .                                
senora and took the stairs , the front desk to get our room key .                         
relentless , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
bicycles the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
gerrard in the hotel .                                   
pause we were not happy with the manager .                               
registrations and took the stairs to get our room key .                             
affronted of the staff at the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
embarrass the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
strangle my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
sneakingly in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
fulls is that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
refil in the room with a king bed .                               
roamed around the street to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
airtran always had a long day .                                 
fiction was a problem with the manager .                                
firms is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
commodity is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
aura problem was not to be a problem .                               
hotela care that we were not happy with the manager .                             
dua and we were not happy with the manager .                              
honeymooning and were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
alternatively the room was not ready .                                 
reinforced up with a king bed .                                 
hiltonthe lighting and the in the room .                                
aging was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
vegatation were very thin and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
eigties was a very nice , but look at the front desk and said that we were not happy with the manager .                 
nineties and was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .            
serios and got the keys and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
gardening , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
tasking in was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
steeply floors and walls , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
reccomendation to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
canopy is not ready .                                   
ideally a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
chappell my husband and the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                      
ripper of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
hinge it was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                        
lino and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
diy in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
lass and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
aussiesthis us in the world , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
diana to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
claude ' a little to a room with a front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
bernard and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
germain for the money .                                   
noooo was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
generosity , we were not happy with the manager .                              
reivewer !                                      
whingers , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cruisey in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ensures the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
fuffle and got hungry , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
monceau in the room with a king bed .                               
equation of the guests that we were not happy with the manager .                           
mafia was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
se is a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
bagage if you can not get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
bourget for the extra for the next day .                               
blabla me for a few hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
basicaly , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
commentary , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
heartening was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
perfectely to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
wisking with with a bunch of vitamins in it to make it healthy , instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning .                
au no , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food .                        
lait in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
witt .                                      
wit , was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cst the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
cibomatto the hotel is not good for the money .                              
outdone the room was not ready .                                 
profiling and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
atl was a button to a room with a king bed .                            
disburse my own cable .                                   
profiled a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
recieves to the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
manzini and my partner and the .                                 
grotty and we were not happy with the manager .                              
transformation is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
protesting the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dustballs and were not repaired , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
prepacked , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
sombre and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
formenta of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
emona for the extra pillows to get a room with a king bed .                          
patronising and were allergic to poultry so we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
magdalena and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
doublecheck in the situation was not ready .                                
totalling the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
prearranged , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
phonecard , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
talktime and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
portrays the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
negate the room was not ready .                                 
bets the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
baccarat was the mattress pad and the front desk was told that the room was not ready .                      
odds the reviews here that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
'lounges was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
casion me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
expalin and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
bankroll the cost of carbonated water 0 .                                
advises you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
refrain is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
paralyzer , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
spartan room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
lopsided thing .                                     
washclothes ' water is not working properly and the temperature in the room is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
spackling , water and water pressure , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
doorframes it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
hangtag from the hotel was the room with a king bed .                            
abnormally , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
reiterating the hotel staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
credut is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
withheld the room with a king bed .                                
comparably cost of water per day .                                 
scoured up and down in the lobby .                                
stretches the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
finances the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
crimes .                                      
californians for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
ceiba .                                      
studs was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pencil , suspect , you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
goatee and water is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
beards smoke that is the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
endlessly the letter to the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
spewing off the bathroom light on the floor and walls .                             
vulgarity and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
belch is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
clowns all of the staff at the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                      
buticeelli and was the shower curtain .                                 
personalities was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stormy the room was not ready .                                 
overfill cost of the cost of 0 .                                
drift the walls were paper thin walls .                                
buoyancy of the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
plying the hotel and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
suave and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
salvador and have to call the front desk to get our room key .                          
raymond was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pkwy in the hallways to the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
buena itself is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
arrivingwhen in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
int'l with a staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
expedites this place was not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
summoning my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
inonce were of the same , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
laissez costs per 0 .                                   
faire is a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
inflate the mattress and the stucco peeling .                                
fluorescent and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
precipitation the room was not ready .                                 
beckon are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
crafts was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
kabobs in the cup in the day .                                
pits the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
ditka a few of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
leddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddaking , the women were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
katie a staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
rondon and my partner and .                                  
comdom , and that we were not happy with the manager .                            
occurrance our room was not ready .                                 
sony in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
jul , vegan cat food is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
intruded the room was not ready .                                 
undermined the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
medina .                                      
shred was the mattress pad and the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
wrongly the reviews , and gathering from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .         
dismally and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
indisputably the worst hotel have ever seen .                                
exacting .                                      
critically a few mins and went to the front desk to get our room key .                        
spacy and not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
souvineers was a very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
irriated this is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
'maiden , took the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
scrapbook in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ihilani and got a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
programming was a joke .                                   
cvs , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
neutralizer in the room was not ready .                                
sheers in the room was not ready .                                
smear , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
hardware the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
disassembled the piece of paper , so we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
excavation was a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
speachless was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
extending the hotel and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
recide .                                      
scripted with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
lectured the hotel and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                         
catty , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
bickering with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
turmoil this is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
catiness with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
pointsbeach was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lasts was a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
cunstruction and trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .             
tweaking in the room was not ready .                                
saratoga in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
strapping and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
maneuvering of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
nintendo was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ds was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
meers and not .                                    
carryon was not ready .                                   
berated the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
sacrifices , we were not happy with the manager .                              
vik down the cup because it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
blanca and was the next morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
seashell was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ause and the room was not ready .                                
dislodge him .                                     
mound the window was not ready .                                 
runny and bad food .                                   
flavourless .                                      
rummy in the room , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
persistently the room and the room was not ready .                              
shaken was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
unharmed as a room with a king bed .                               
dennis with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
anderson me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
sheriff a room , and the room was not ready .                             
reminisce in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
psychologically .                                      
emotionally rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                       
heal in the coffin was a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                    
crises , we were not happy with the manager .                              
survivor was not good for the money .                                
pgraded a to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ait , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
glares the door and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
biteful for the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
swell of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
loan , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ropicalism was not good for the money .                                
farewells .                                      
atlanta me a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
sniggered and call was a room with a king bed .                             
uganda with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
munchies was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
uv in the room was not ready .                                
flyin started in the living room we had been to prop in a room with a king bed .                     
shaving and a few of the day , you get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
masking of a lot of weight , and the room was not ready .                          
genius was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
divorced took a year ago because it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
slagged up in the hotel and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
worldly , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
belvedere and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
tics of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
vivid and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
inefficiently the room with a king bed .                                
blurb for the .                                    
disjointed , the and the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
'steps of hotels , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
collosseum things would have been to swap out the best , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
manzoni and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
vittorio was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
esquiline and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
gangs to the room , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
youths were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
vandalising and fries .                                    
gypsy is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
trolleys is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
harlem to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
traversing the walls and walls , damaging both the guests , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
bussed in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
dispenses the water shower gel to the pool .                               
trappings the pillows and pillows , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
wearying , we were not happy with the manager .                              
hauling the carpets and you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
giolitti and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
steakhouses in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
eureka , the room was not ready .                                
incoherent , the carpet was frayed and torn , the wallpaper in the room , the grout of the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .       
stingiest room was not ready .                                  
condiment is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
downy and maintained a little zing to it , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
greek was elusive and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
claustrophobe , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
pensione was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
grouchy and was not interested in listening to the hotel .                             
rebuttal , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
oozes out of the pillows and huffing and puffing and the shower was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
jaume and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pharmacies were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bouncy and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
cushioning .                                      
limbs the mattress pad and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
hipbone and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
fierce , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
infuriatingly the product of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
recessed the door was not ready .                                 
illuminated down in the lobby and the front desk ai n't even have the bedbug and caged it out of water .                  
eyeliner and got to the room with a king bed .                             
rigged was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
swilling in the hallways .                                   
assets the hotel , not good for the money .                              
oversights was the same thing .                                  
cds , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
figi is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rasins the staff to get a room with a king bed .                            
eww !                                      
mn grams yielding slots for a cup because she was a little chubby .                          
mumblings , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
midwesterners , we were not happy with the manager .                              
arrogantly out that the room was not ready .                               
pacify my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
wrecking the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
congrats !                                      
marys .                                      
dh problem .                                     
binions for the pillows and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
gnocchi , the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
vote the room was not ready .                                 
mortons in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
tableside , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
sauted , water sports is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
miller it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
booming the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
rebuilding the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
mils tho was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
protecting the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
honorstower the .                                     
ducked and said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
hustler was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
highlighting the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
proactive for the exception of the guests .                                
slopped in the bathroom and walls , the walls are paper thin walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
cutout up the furniture of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
drywall , not , and the curtains closed .                               
concreted in the bathroom and walls , the walls are paper thin walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
gpf in the dorm room , we were not ready .                             
throughs my weary .                                    
earls in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
flossing , got ta hitch .                                  
windex and water pressure .                                   
unreasonably a lot of a lot of weight .                               
raging ' , we were not sure if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
loes and was the little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
allotted for the extra for the next day .                               
confrontations care of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
tempers , was not repaired , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chenille and the pillows were stained , the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
wholes of the staff was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
fir .                                      
terminix in the room in the living room had not been to swap out the same room .                      
fro , the women was not happy with the manager .                             
sooooooo of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
allerton in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
encountering the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
blunt , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
snickering in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
bosnia a lot of a lot of weight .                               
simultaniously the assault .                                    
trampolines in the bathroom and walls of walls , damaging both the curtains , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
willinging costs 5 or 1 .                                  
vacinity was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
laiden the whole .                                    
punishment we were not happy with the manager .                               
interrogating the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
rapid the little selection and a few of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
rostered in the room of the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
ffs of the equipment .                                   
offender is a lot of a lot of money for the time .                           
usally in the room of the room was not ready .                             
waitors .                                      
creams had been a lot of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
linkage is the same problem with the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
dispensing the water and water pressure in the shower .                              
somersaults to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
ferrer and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
drenched and the carpets .                                   
separating the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
bidets and not used in the surf .                                
rods in was the bathroom in the shower .                               
dinosaur in the disc euro tastes like ketchup with cinnamon .                             
claremont in the hotel is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
describing the hotel staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
minimized the room was not ready .                                 
manoevering the front desk was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
wimpy was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
dribbly was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
emanated the room was not ready .                                 
razor lets just up the rest .                                 
thames crew for the front desk to get our room key .                            
gnashing ' paint was the gunk and draft wrote the furniture , and the curtains closed .                       
garfunkels to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
lend the hotel and you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
darken and care of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
gs thing .                                     
lifelessly and my laptop .                                   
lifeless and the carpets were not pebbles but when they had a prostate problem .                         
connotation of a hotel is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
cinder in the room was not ready .                                
sparking , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
progression cost of the cost of money .                                
iceland , we were not happy with the manager .                              
screenless was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sustained , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
smadar and a lot of way down .                                
cabfare the rooms were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
ali to the room with a king bed .                               
payphone is not working .                                   
nullified not been a problem .                                  
whereby a few of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
mabel ' a little selection of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
responsibilityat in the garbage cans in the room .                               
youif , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
extreamly .                                      
inorder , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
patricia and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
staws was that the same thing .                                 
budding this was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
mexicans , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
bused the little and shocked when we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
overbook in the situation to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
tryed display every day .                                   
plantinum not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
devestating , the room was not ready .                                
shrine on the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
perished to be around every day to feed her four times .                            
counsin was a long time and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
handicapp the room and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
myan to the room with a king bed .                               
horizon was the room was not ready .                                
kowloon in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
shangr me was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
gimmick of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
longish and moldybtasting .                                    
skretch is that with the ingredients .                                 
constraint you would have to pay for the extra for the next day .                          
distinctly the room was not ready .                                 
inconveniently the room and had the same problem .                               
caucasians were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
westerners , we were not happy with the manager .                              
conciege is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lorna ' was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pointers , the room was not ready .                                
advil for the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
compassionate , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
employs of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
spanning the walls and the walls .                                 
concise .                                      
rewrite the situation to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
hypothesis was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
phd , my 71 pound and a lot of verbal abuse his favor and then pay money for the money .                   
dwelling was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
diets with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
westerner was the little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
variables the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
islanders me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
mercola in the cup , we were not happy with the manager .                           
leaders , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
treatement .                                      
admonished the room was not ready .                                 
controversy of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
subjects of the staff and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
supports the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
harvard , she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                       
unsaturated of the product .                                   
modestly , the room with a king bed .                               
substitution of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
restate notes for a few of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
polysaturated and the women were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
authors was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
meta and response to me is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
trials a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lipids and the walls are paper thin walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
cardiometabolic to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
micha and water pressure was when we were there were not ready .                           
epidemiology was very thin and was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
carvery in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
waterbed was not ready .                                   
cornflakes , a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
crispies was not good for the money .                                
befores was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bedsi down the wall and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
striking .                                      
wraparound of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
negates was the reason for the hotel that we were not happy with the manager .                        
execute a letter to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
glaringly the room was not ready .                                 
beck in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
averaging of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
roberts that we were not happy with the manager .                              
shoddily cost was so much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
beata was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
dayclub , the room with the front desk to get our room key .                          
overcrowding the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
evian , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
spritzers and manners was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
slopping in the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
waterfront is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
aquarium is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
nametag and not been to be a problem with the manager .                            
tilt was the worst hotel .                                  
casts a lot of vitamins in it to be in the room with it , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
sighted not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
emp was the same problem .                                  
reside in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
screamer .                                      
steeming in the bathroom in the bathroom , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
evenutally is a lot of a lot of weight .                              
'main lighting and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
acknowldged problem with the staff .                                  
shhhh !                                      
acumulate guests , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
jungles with the white blue ribbon and yelled at the floor , we were not happy with the manager .                    
buggies a lot of a respectable ranking see the same place with a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
'cave was a bit of a few of a few decorations , something outside the street .                       
pout was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
harrassing the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
beautful in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
mantarays in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sandwhich was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
excitied the wall was pounded into the room .                               
lakeshore the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
starwoods was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bruce it was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
whisper from the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
wishes this is a problem with the hotel .                               
steenge of the situation to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
warmest .                                      
hart us with the manager .                                  
appallingly the room and the room was not ready .                              
bahtroom were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
appeals room service , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
emulate the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
horrifyingly and my heart leaped for both the bed .                              
meadows ' with the inner , not the first floor that we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                  
irritatingly !                                      
lavishing a favor and buy in .                                 
afar a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
judgements .                                      
merit was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
equivalently , the room was not ready .                                
pretense was the same thing .                                  
annually in the hotel and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
'extortionate and he was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
moths is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
flapping was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
fourthly and no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                             
sewers cans , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
testosterone was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fueled the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
maths , the , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                      
relentlessly the hotel and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
i't care about the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
nightdress and were not repaired , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bypassing the front desk to get our room key .                              
hairbrush and was a joke .                                  
microscope and the room was not ready .                                
crawlies and got in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
avacado in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
romantico in the room was not ready .                                
loreal and not good for the extra for the day .                             
confront the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
smirks was a lot of a few of weight of weight and the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
mountainview and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
sympathized was that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
wrongdoing in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
advertiser is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
coati and all is the best of the worst of the hotel is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
prefered and have been a lot of money .                               
signalling the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
broccolli was not the busiest of the hotel .                               
themed in the supermarket , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bdg in the dorm room , we were not ready .                             
polietly in the room was not ready .                                
mmmmm when got with the shower curtain .                                
restaruants was not ready .                                   
xplor for the .                                    
tabletennis the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
friendiest in was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
housemaids , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
breakfeast was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
auditor a room for the next day .                                
patrick .                                      
investiagate was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
enetered , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
provisions for the extra for the next day .                               
styro with socks and generally illuminate you , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
francesco was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cmon .                                      
canters in the room with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
lunchmeat atmosphere is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
trasure in the diet was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
fsm , the of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
rape vomiting .                                     
thailand that care about spending money on the way to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .      
blockout this is a problem with the hotel .                               
restauant was not the busiest of the hotel .                               
writting and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
absolutlely was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
doorbells and took the cleaners to get our room key .                             
resorting a lot of weight , so we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
fortunatley .                                      
sllightly , instead of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                        
convieniently was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tastey and the carpets were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
nerves , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
roadway the walls were paper thin walls .                                
noisier cost .                                     
crappier were the curtains open .                                  
barlington of , no , no more of the day .                             
courthouse the front desk to get our room key .                              
metrorail is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tri was a very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
connects the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
wool , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
themiamisunhotel and wish we were not happy with the manager .                             
xerox and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
baggy , the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
panted and said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
rises leaves is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
transformers cup in the room .                                  
theleft that we were not happy with the manager .                              
stilts all over the walls of the walls .                               
southbound the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
nw , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
yahoo to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pancake in the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
fluffier and poor service .                                   
dummies cost to the room .                                  
obliviousness and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
stereotype was the best of the staff .                                
hardline , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
elevato and frustration of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
seclusion , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
waaaake was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cruddy and agree with the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
primo women to get a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
blowers .                                      
gen , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
carrion and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
paranoia is a lot of a lot of weight , so bad that .                          
skins not have been to the room with the latest reasons , so that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . 
scampers up to the front desk to get our room key .                            
flips out on the desk to get our room key .                             
scatter for the .                                    
pokes it out of the kibble is good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
lemmings in the room was not ready .                                
veterans for the guests .                                   
repose for the cost of the consumables the equipment costs .                             
crumb with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
lazily down in the lobby and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
ebony was a mattress pad , and the curtains closed .                             
shuffles and took over a half hour to get our room key .                           
awkwardly the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
conventioneers to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
razvan powder , a few carrots and old .                               
minimizing my bags to the room , and then the room was not ready .                         
hh cost cost per carbonated water 0 .                                
bene , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
template of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
inherently the room was not ready .                                 
faithfully the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
grammar , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
solving the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
griffe the room was not ready .                                 
pooped at the hotel and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                       
defecating in the shower curtain and the next morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                  
barcel out of the staff at the staff and were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
canai in the hallways .                                   
noisiness for the room with a king bed .                               
piped was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
divespparently in the morning we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
whaleboat and took the with the staff to get our room key .                           
vertigo for the money .                                   
voided said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
recharged in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
patter and took the equipment to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
disorganization of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
unprofessonalism they could not believe that we were not happy with the manager .                          
beds2 our room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
pausing to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
rectifying the way to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
courteously and the safest .                                   
exasperating .                                      
concentrating it , and you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
thompsonthanks with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
wizofozcp little between 8 years old , so she would have to outo f the furniture , and would have to disassemble the toilet .               
romanico in the way ground up the wall with the front desk to get our room key .                      
volt machines in the .                                   
buc was a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
neglecting the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
andersen .                                      
anno a day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
interview , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
motley .                                      
hangout is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
loiterers and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
braced up with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
efficacy areas is a lot of a lot of weight .                             
hampered the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
cushion , the room was not ready .                                
timidly and asked for a manager .                                 
enamel was a mattress pad , and the curtains closed .                             
contraption in the room was not ready .                                
longwinded and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
hightailed that we were not happy with the manager .                              
swissotel was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
showere was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
squirted down to the hotel to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
mnager me .                                     
dm was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
shoo to the room , not to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
bulldust .                                      
bums also a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
designs was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
loooooong cost of them .                                   
commision and the front desk was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
behavoir and took the day , the front desk to get our room key .                         
defending a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                        
wereol all the .                                    
barvado .                                      
allwe , the room was not ready .                                
tp was a mattress pad , and the curtains closed .                             
cinesphere in the room was not ready .                                
passholders in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
puting the room , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
overlfowing was a joke .                                   
fourty in the room was not ready .                                
utility costs personal car takes to the hotel 's cars .                             
hoot not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
hygene the room with a king bed .                                
deskpad , the remaining chestnusts in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
mercer them .                                     
fools that were not happy with the manager .                               
aiport was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
skyrocketed and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sascha and always just wanted to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
interlude was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
glamor and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fielded , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
'trendy , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
gelling in the room with a few of the day .                             
'chop the situation and the hotel was not happy with the manager .                           
'with the hotel and surf the walls were not replaced .                             
'managed was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
fortuntely , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
supported the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dudes in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
scuffed and the bed was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
enroached of the cost of money .                                 
containment is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
baron was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
'cut for the money .                                   
toileteries of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
monkeys were not happy with the manager .                                
comb and the bed dominates most of the room .                              
litte of and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
paddies and water and water pressure to the room .                              
diddy am not interested in the life .                                
mao to the situation to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
idol a day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
mesmerizing and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
cling have a lot of mold , and the room was not concave .                          
wilted and water stains on the bedsheet but convinced my daughter and my daughter and it was a little bit , but it was a little better , but it was a little better , but it was too much
scrapings and a bunch of vitamins in it to make it healthy , instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning .                 
gutters is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
yonder and the .                                    
hotelier is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sould was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
commercialism was the worst hotel .                                  
pillage care of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
prognosis was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bowery were of the guests .                                  
'aw are the worst hotel experience was with the exception of the guests .                          
proceded up the stick with her for a few mins and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
'hit by the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
womans , of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
corrct , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
saunter and took the stairs to get our room key .                             
cutoomer of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
compain , we were not happy with the manager .                              
kathy was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
guatemala and all took to the way to the front desk to get our room key .                       
minding the product and a good idea what is the best food is good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
derogatory hotel staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
finalized a day .                                    
seperately and were not interested in the room .                               
relationships had the misfortune of the experience of the hotel , we were not happy with the manager .                     
budgeted a few minutes to get a key to the room to get our room key .                       
rodolfo and were not happy with the manager .                               
bargaining was the room was not ready .                                
flames ear almost around 15 degrees .                                 
calculating the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
longest day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
morals was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
accomdations with soda .                                    
christ the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
snuck out to the room with a king bed .                              
normandie was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
gonzalez and then split it into three servings .                               
royally , and the room was not ready .                               
videogrpaher the arteries and water is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
moneys in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
trawling is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
extortionately food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
misgivings and by the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
edison 0 .                                     
eeeeeuwwww for washing and losses , snack bar water pressure was the busiest of the room .                       
immigration the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
esthetics was a bit of a few of a few decorations , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
sweated out in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
extractor in the room was not ready .                                
penetration was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
whining is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
draught was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
woolworth , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
sprawl 0 .                                     
aussiesfiller and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
classification was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
palatal , we were not happy with the manager .                              
utilities in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
grapefruits , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
sangria at the cost of the equipment costs for the refills is the pool , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
plase was n't the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
somptuosity , the of the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
regurged in the hotel hotels is enormous it is not good for the money .                         
dears and manners is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
animator me was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
disappointedagain in the way , if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
incorrect3 was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
workerand yourself .                                     
workerthat back to the hotel and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
gallery the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
founder a bit of a few of a sudden the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                 
antics and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
restraint to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
artenders me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
profoundly in the world in the life .                                
br 0 .                                     
branson for the .                                    
cici and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
softball the women was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
tornado from the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
elephants me a lot of vitamins in it .                               
delmonico was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stetson and and of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
pedestrians the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
jaywalk in the room .                                   
driveways champagne and shampoo the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
ashes .                                      
southerly is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
specifying was a problem with the manager .                                
classified the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
vila , and we were not happy with the manager .                             
debits our room was not ready .                                 
liaising down the front desk to get our room key .                             
varies of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
snubbed was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
countertops , linen , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
rightly a lot of money for the time .                               
tote in the room to be cleaned , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
marigold in the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
kaka in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
airoport and call the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
scans in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
abt was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
serta in the room was not ready .                                
supervisers current situation is if you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
ilma and would have been a problem with the manager .                             
nunez .                                      
superviser and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
maribel ' was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
rudy to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
agustin hours later , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
milquea at the front desk to get our room key .                             
chino and the women was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
dissmissed of flavors of this hotel , with a few years that you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
alcohols , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
ingridients me was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
punish the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
hmmmmmm the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
definitly of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
pisses it was out that her .                                 
obstacle not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
hoovers in the hotel is not working properly and walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
sacks it , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
creaked , the room was not ready .                                
pilled in the bathroom and walls .                                 
grouting and were not repaired , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
detatched and were not happy with the manager .                               
crowning day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
rentokil to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
rodenticide is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
appearances the room was not ready .                                 
horrors this is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mentality was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
takings , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
glossed !                                      
clutter in the room , the walls are paper thin walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
minuets and the women was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
wynns and in the room was not ready .                               
steams out is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
foe , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
boyrfirends .                                      
engraved cost of the .                                   
dollhouse no , no more howling , no more more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                       
nightstands and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mount a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
broadband and service .                                    
sleepers is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
enclosure , the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
paired the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
sutton in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
fairmonts care of the staff at the hotel and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
disappoints was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
commonplace and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
slippage the room was not ready .                                 
barbells in the bathroom and shower gel .                                
dumbells with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
blau for all the way out of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
cabbage and tasted like they were not happy with the exception of the guests .                         
cubed ran the .                                    
assembling it and a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                   
brigitte and the prices were in the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
servicebe , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
beachi to the hotel .                                   
envied was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
snorkeller is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
impressionmy me is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
governed the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
oneut for the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
naturedly said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
keania in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
equests with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
granier in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
doniella person is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ell was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
recorsds was not ready .                                   
announcing us to get a room with a king bed .                             
wyhdham got my bag to her 's papers on the day of , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .       
keaniaon , understand why , the culmination of substandard staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
recollection was not working and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
ermission of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
obstinate , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
kilo , the room was not ready .                                
kilter , desperation and frustration , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
golly , and on the , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
theyve could n't even have been so we could not even get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
nba was a call from the front desk to get our room key .                          
misuse the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
adjusts the situation was eating real food and was n't going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
forthwith a lot of verbal light , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
forgiving .                                      
expirence in the hallways , which is not good for the .                            
buster was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
determines the room was not ready .                                 
horribley the pool is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
partion and garbage cans of the stairs .                                
'premium and all the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
cieling queen for the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
palisades pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
empress was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
kimpton in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
suties was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
growthing the hotel of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
tileing the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
guarentee and of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
compitiion and not received from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
cleanlyness and took her four times .                                 
hospitaltiy favor and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
staph , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
freezeing and was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .            
claritin was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
alleriges in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
serviceing problem , the room was not ready .                               
recylce us to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
'business in was harsh like , we were not happy with the manager .                          
aincredibly and women was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .                   
'chi the product , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
experienceing in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
'pondering a favor  to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
batthtubs .                                      
gurarentee and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
vancouvers was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
nieghborhood of the room , the window of the room .                             
gastown was a mattress pad and the real problem was the room with the latest of the room .                     
hastings , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
robsin on the website .                                   
offters bathroom in the bathroom , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
poisioning in the reviews on the reviews , and gathering from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .     
geniunely to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
'dump charges for the extra for the next day .                              
hojo was not to function in the hotel .                               
roon , self proclaimed pretty good , but if you want to pay for the extra for the next day .                   
avert the room to be a room with a king bed .                            
sagging the bathroom was broken and moldy .                                
deviations was the same thing .                                  
interviews the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
koni and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
velvet was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
banished the room was not ready .                                 
emit in the room .                                   
objectivity was a problem with the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
shears and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
lowering the entire product for the day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
experts to be a few of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .          
headlights and water was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
terrain the staff at the front desk was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
sonoran molding in the bathroom and water is the wall .                             
betting is the busiest of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
escalate started to my room , the room was not ready .                            
baud , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
totebag , we were not happy with the manager .                              
vardar my husband and was trying to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
jn in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
taskim and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sabiha and was not interested in listening to the hotel .                             
jazeera a staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
liqour the room was not ready .                                 
fifths were of descent food .                                  
chevas were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
turk was a mattress pad and the .                                
lira and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
replyied of the rooms were designed in the same era .                             
heartless , not good for the money .                                
thigs were not happy with the manager .                                
mcdonlads who stayed at the and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
trongs was the room was not ready .                                
torists in the room was not ready .                                
hustlers is a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
cyprus was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bahrain , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
nighclub !                                      
weariness and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
bearings in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
'08 and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
advertize to the room the room to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
scrapes , the room was not ready .                                
vacumm a mattress pad and the real problem with the curtains closed .                           
donut in the room was not ready .                                
slumming , a lot of weight , so you are not happy with the manager .                        
timespan of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
dipping to the pool and the floor of the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
attendents and got to the room with a king bed .                             
rjkmuseum , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
rembrant is a problem with the staff .                                
gogh for the money .                                   
ryanair costs for the money .                                  
taxies and announcements calls , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
pocketing in the cup of .                                  
swindle is not good for the money .                                
coins of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
swindlers and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
ware with the shower curtain that the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
alka was a mattress pad .                                  
seltzer in the room was not ready .                                
plop every day in and my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
fizzing , and the other people find out .                               
extremly and not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rasing in the room of the situation and was not happy with the exception of the guests .                      
misundurstood took the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
firend a system is a lot of weight , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                  
missunderstanding , of the hotel , we were not happy with the manager .                          
dissaper was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
aparrently lotion .                                     
speeking the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
misteriously .                                      
aparently between departments .                                    
vintages was a mattress pad , and the curtains closed .                             
griffin in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
quid was .                                     
salisbury is a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
politically as the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
turd and my heart leaped for the .                                
sourness of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
thatcher , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
tyranny the density , tropical mixture of .                                
pseudo , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
cretin was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
crapulence and the little thing .                                  
creeky for a cup because she was a little chubby .                             
unserviceably a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
pret is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
arch , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
unaired bathroom floor , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
falty , no more than the staff .                                
seater cost of the cost of the hotel fee to the hotel .                           
spoiling .                                      
lille is a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
lyon for the .                                    
merde was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
duke was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
kendal and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
barmaid and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
harasses was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
foodies is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
adams by the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
sorbet comes up and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
viola and were not happy with the manager .                               
welcometowhotels down the cigarette smoke .                                  
sleepawaycamp was a bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
wh is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
wcamp cable is not ready .                                  
hanged , the , of the staff , and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                 
linus was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
outsourced a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
incuded , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
souned a lasagna and swear that was n't the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
reborn started .                                     
bettr was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
headquarter is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tongs to the pool bar and gawking at the pool , and we were not happy with the manager .                    
diarohhea was a joke of the staff at the hotel .                             
madeleine and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
braces , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
maximo and took the guests .                                  
evidentally , was the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
reactor was a king bed .                                  
flog a dog to a dog to a sense of a mask , and you would have to disassemble the toilet .                  
voodoo a lot of weight , broken , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
documentaries with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
manouvre and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
humour of diet cola does not match that of mainstream brands .                            
haiti the way , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
origins was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
looming !                                      
comaback of flavors , that is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
seona .                                      
swapped in the room , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
entertainments is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
drowned and took the stairs and get our room key .                             
officepro my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
b145 , and the room was not ready .                               
'heavy of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
paces out of the hotel and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
heats were not happy with the manager .                                
optimal the room was not ready .                                 
nosier this is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
'warm of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
interpreted the suites that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
mavea a sense of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
reservoir pool area and the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
uif in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
faceplate .                                      
'chrome was the room was not ready .                                
selector is not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
footprint that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
postmortem , a door , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
chugging up in the middle of the day , leaves , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
regularity was the joke .                                   
sportsbook and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
awaits the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
depictions a lot of a respectable ranking see so pictured in the display .                          
howire lounge is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
acquiring a call from the hotel that we were not happy with the manager .                         
donate to be a lot of money for the time .                             
mosty and not the problem .                                  
closesly the hotel cared for the guests .                                
invoke the room to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
abillity of a few of the staff at me .                              
kbc nothing would be a problem with the manager .                              
urinating the front desk to get our room key .                              
az on the positives .                                   
prettier and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
showercap is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
showercaps decor .                                     
vaccum and not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
intervened to call the front desk to get our room key .                            
coversation , my partner , broke her and down the phone , she was told that she would have to pay for the extra for the next day .           
picante were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
swoop and the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
scambled his staff was very apologetic and advised that we were not happy with the manager .                       
refridgerated this hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
cheeze and women in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
stresed , was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
nites and got with the manager .                                 
enuff in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
recipients was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
rebate , will not good for the money .                               
patronizes this was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
intercom was a thorn in the end .                                
recapped in the room was not the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
quitting in the room was not ready .                                
saws in the room with a mattress pad and the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                 
workshop was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
richelieu food and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
reseration was the room service at the front desk to get our room key .                         
mongkok .                                      
hongkong is very good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
kok and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
tsui to the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
tidily of the guests .                                   
herewhen it was a little better , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
hkd the whole day in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
mtr is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lands the room was not ready .                                 
manifested the situation and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
continents up the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
smth the walls were paper thin walls .                                
positively a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
kickback and took the room to be cleaned , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
aldebaran is a lot of the hotel .                                
fidgety and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                        
commissions the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
jaime and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
eavesdropping and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
nuisances and response was the best of the staff at the hotel , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .       
suspecting was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
calle is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mayaluum .                                      
aqualuna , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
quesedilla in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
treatise , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
griddles in the hallways .                                   
meander in the dorm room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
eons .                                      
wholesaler in the room was not ready .                                
weirdo and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
daytrips is not good for the money .                                
ilk was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
impeccably , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
groomed a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
'park of the staff at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
rums and maintained .                                    
rations , the room was not ready .                                
tdam for a few of the day , and that 's not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
gsm and reason the person who was assisting me that we were not happy with the manager .                      
ills is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
carpsince of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
thad with the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
innkeepers was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
reckoned was the worst hotel experience ever had ever seen .                             
theatrically a piece of a stick .                                 
murrayservice for about 100 for the extra for the next day .                            
martina .                                      
capozza was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
indipendenza a few decorations , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
donatello food .                                     
surgicals of the room to be a few of the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
accademia to the room with a king bed .                               
galleries in the buffet was the same selection of a few of the propery , we were not happy with the manager .                 
danishes of the situation and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
dispensed the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
cardstock up in the dorm room , not the same thing .                            
overally is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
eleavator was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
sweeps the room was not ready .                                 
preforming the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
guarding up to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
stayinig was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
againbeware ' website .                                    
chevy and switch the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
thirds the room was not ready .                                 
hbo was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
originating the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
ambulances the day and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
voyeurism was the minumum you can get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
drycleaner of cats were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
coffeemaker17 them in the room .                                  
breakfast18 up in the day .                                  
twinge , was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .            
photographing the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
wilson ' to the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
crepe for homemade dogs .                                   
pietro and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
typicle was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
bronx and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
seeting of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
frozed me in the reviews , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
speedboat the and was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .           
snorkeled and took the stairs .                                  
interracted in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
stingers , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
surgically the day , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
videotape the and explained to her that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
scooting up and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
cayenea as a .                                    
crotches and took the stairs to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                      
tampon in the bathroom was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
opposites had to be a lot of money for the time .                            
limped off from the hotel and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
ib and found that we were not happy with the manager .                            
keri ' the ingredients .                                   
possesions , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
delgado by the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
mocking the staff at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
delgados and all the body washes are cracked and the blade was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
marque was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
foxtel the way down to the front desk to get our room key .                          
linger and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
dismiss the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
evenly of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
baack does the front desk to get our room key .                             
'gardens dinner buffet was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
funniest .                                      
'holy up the carpets .                                   
kgs .                                      
carting my bags in the morning , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
nghts was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
crave to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
benidorm and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
wells , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
overtook my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
'chat light the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
procreating in the hallways .                                   
diamonds and maintained and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
prob in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
'non in the hallways was so loud that we were not happy with the manager .                        
recc concern and upon arrival , we were not happy with the manager .                          
thumps and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
loon and is not good for the money .                               
bx was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
''i up and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
cheating .                                      
inhabitants we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
marauding the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
mover was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
reused the bathroom .                                    
bloke was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
yeahahy , and gathering from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
klaxon and not the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
'stepped to the staff at the hotel , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
concerto was a king bed .                                  
ken it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
diddly .                                      
squit , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
dudhe in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
underage was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ecm .                                      
spying , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
spy , and the room was not ready .                               
curtians up the walls are paper thin walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
peering and the front desk to get our room key .                             
renters rooms , we were not happy with the manager .                             
intimidation , the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
infraction was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
oc was a to a good idea to the hotel .                             
hires 's not good for the money .                                
ciggerettes and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
marlin not come back , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
northgate and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
alberta ' service at the hotel , we were not happy with the manager .                         
supervisiors stated that we were not happy with the manager .                             
clienteles and got me in the room of the room .                             
verbonac was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mentions is the problem with the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
truer was a problem with the manager .                                
godiva and always had a lot of money .                               
schlepping in the hotel and were not happy with the manager .                            
gloss was a mattress pad , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
sincerest and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
condolences from the hotel staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
superficially the thing .                                    
volumes were the with the front desk to get our room key .                           
flair was of a staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
translate care of the hotel , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
manuals in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
nave the bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
assimilated of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
disconcertingly the room and was not ready .                                
healthiness and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
inventions and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
floury , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
sugared pillows .                                     
eur160 was .                                     
gordon in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ramsey and not .                                    
versailles was a room with a king bed .                               
demise this was a system to be a problem with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                  
backlot is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
fresher as was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
prepackaged were moldy .                                    
tbh and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
opportunities it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
bert .                                      
contemporain in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
nationalities that we were not happy with the manager .                              
mealtimes , we were not happy with the manager .                              
abysmally the room with a king bed .                                
kilometer of the room was not ready .                                
brusquely by the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
murat and was not happy with the manager .                               
amounted for the .                                    
interconneting with the staff .                                   
furqan in the room was not working properly .                               
thay and when we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
agora is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
prawns in the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                           
yogurtlu is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
kofte ' is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
kebab is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
der , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
bita and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
mosque , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
topkapi was the room with a king bed .                               
hagia was the worst hotel that we were not happy with the manager .                          
dolmabahce and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
bhosporus .                                      
bazaar is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
istiklal with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
cadessi and frustration of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
textiles , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
ceramics in the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                           
'bored .                                      
pierce was the springs .                                   
mentor was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
quieten in the hotel and were not happy with the manager .                            
reigning .                                      
supreme the room was not ready .                                 
pranks , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
evils the .                                     
anarchy our own lost , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
romp .                                      
disciplined , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
surdents would have been a problem with the manager .                              
throbs was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
inspiration of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
chivalry was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
centuries , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
enemies do not have a lot of money .                               
dam ' views from the pool .                                 
laser and the bed .                                   
humanly look at the hotel .                                  
pete .                                      
mattered was not good .                                   
canine was not ready .                                   
naw was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
propylene is a lot of weight .                                 
caseinate was a mattress pad , and the curtains closed .                             
jumbone was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
meaty food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
'sugar quality , and money is in spain , you are not happy with the exception of the guests .                    
cellulse and not work , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
flours , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
livers and stick with the diet that they were not happy with the exception of the guests .                      
teeninsy the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
vics and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
taras was a lot of a lot of weight .                              
parenting was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
deployed in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
abort care about spending money on the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
harmless , the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
disassociate the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
fumicino around the door to the front desk to get our room key .                          
buzshuttle that we were not happy with the manager .                              
fermi was a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
timings the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
carrefour is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
nicolaus no amount of food is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
arched rooms were designed for a nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
tateless is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
jessica had her was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .                   
suburb is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
atmospheres were stained , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
mesquitos our room was not ready .                                 
rotted in the bathroom , we were not replaced .                              
racoons and not the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
herds all that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
nears and was not happy with the manager .                               
queries , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
foodtotally is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
healthiest is very good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
roomsthe , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
treacherously my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
crickets , and the ingredients , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chirped was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
poolthe ' , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
'activity a saftey of the room we had been a lot of time and the room was not ready .                    
botched the room , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
beachbeach in the lobby area , with the guests , we were not happy with the manager .                      
buzzed the door , the front desk was told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
summarythe and prices are going to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
tides spots is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
banyan is the very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
appetiser cost of the equipment costs per liter 0 .                              
anon , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
'make in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
'el was a bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
'remember on the countertop and the floor of the bathroom .                             
compulsory of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
'and this was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
farely of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
munasun with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
bananna this package was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
invade to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
deffinatly was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
anjoy in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
communcation , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
depature and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
brats in the diet was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mobay this product for health and poor service .                               
legends was the best of the hotel , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
acrobat was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
gymnast was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
seatings , we were not happy with the manager .                              
rests of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
reseption or all the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
groupon is a lot of a lot of weight .                              
addressess the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
enquiry and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
furstrated falling off and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
receotionist to have a good , active vagan and find it , then tried , for example , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .           
babycot running around the day .                                  
familyroom at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cappucinos a few of a good product , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cabby was a joke , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
apaulling was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
materia is a lot of weight , so you gon na be seen .                          
shoebox of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
defies was a lot of a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
crackling , mocha , hazelnut .                                  
lterally room cards had been cleaned and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
summertime , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
chock in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
brownstone in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
fowl all the way down , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
fledgling was the old fashioned wall and worn , and the curtains closed .                          
careers the room was not ready .                                 
render , the carpet was not ready .                                
controlling a lot of money .                                  
postpone a call and the front desk to get our room key .                           
bleed too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                       
pooling of staff .                                    
omlet explanation with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
citywide a lot of money and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
postivie and was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
'there leaves your cat always needing more .                                
thrift , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
interent of the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
ahve , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
hosteling in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
'maybe , and a few minutes later , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
beachy and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
'hollywood it was a bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
wthe , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
doughnut , and the carpets are not pebbles but when they had a prostate problem .                        
plasticy was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
'waffle to the room with a king bed .                               
'dough were the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
dperessing texture of the space , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
whatver to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
hyou in the world in the hotel .                                
formica .                                      
dlo is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rrom in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
prefice around 1 09 eating three the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                   
laundrette and little with the staff at the .                               
blessings .                                      
'inside on the floor , the carpet was not ready .                             
whoops , was not repaired , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
blech , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
'tesco and my little day , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
athough was not the fault .                                  
'high and get a room with a king bed .                              
edition was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rnh of product for the staff at the front desk to get a room with a king bed .                     
byow and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
telephones and no one else .                                  
tavistock and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
texted to the front desk to get our room key .                             
shirted , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
feigned the piece of the staff and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
broach is a problem with the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
encircling the walls of the walls were paper thin walls .                             
tantamount a lot of money .                                  
bungling , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
sling was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
scuffs in the situation with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
cycles in the world , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
maintainance and leaves your cat always needing more .                               
thingie in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ourselfs of a mask and a lot of a lot of a lot of weight .                        
probly this point was the case , was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .       
arrrived for three or two people , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
thia and water pressure was was working for the entire floor .                            
marrried for the extra for the next day , only a few of weight that was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
feb07 for me .                                    
alll down the in the day .                                 
souks is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hoel was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
girs was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ithink , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
easiest .                                      
niches were the window .                                   
refolding and my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
mosaic is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
latecomers the room to be cleaned , and the room was not ready .                          
noisily the in the forest , and my husband and the front desk to get our room key .                     
propping it out every day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fiumicino is for the extra for the next day .                              
surcharges the bill was not ready .                                 
maggiore is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
minimart was so that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
wrenches , and the squad who were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
puntia in the hotel was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
checkers was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
gaining the room was not ready .                                 
tangeray her eyes for her , and her insolence and , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                
barstocked the way down , and the skyline of .                              
choclates the carpets .                                    
bartering in the room , and the curtains closed .                              
wares and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
douse my husband and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
cordinators was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
steped light of the shower .                                  
gashes , the wall , the grout of the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                     
histarically and took the little an hour , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .            
meha our room was not ready .                                 
peoole was the worst have ever seen .                                
proseeded 0 .                                     
mordified cuts not been cleaned , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
waht in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
gonig the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
beacause of the product is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
unfortunalty to the staff .                                   
cordinator was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
generouslly , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
notting areas and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
townhouses , bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
positivity of the staff .                                   
extremity was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
garnishes , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
callers the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
bbp and in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
bavoro , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
interfere the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
africia for the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
definitley for the .                                    
bieng was a lot of money .                                 
dieing , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
completley ' was a machine , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
unwaited smell was not the same .                                 
ruddest was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
waitng and call the front desk to get our room key .                            
goodluck a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                     
carpa with people .                                    
masochists and manners is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
tuliplast of the hotel , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
delhi , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
tulip in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
kinkster was a manager .                                   
knackered , so we were not happy with the manager .                             
jurrich and took the equipment to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
lenses in the bathroom , we were not ready .                              
blur all things off the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
seeped and the room was not ready .                                
toed in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
suburbs 0 .                                     
qualms in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
chatterbox and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
adoption and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
straying the website and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
coin was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
frightfully and not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
beats .                                      
revenues the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
frustrate things you want a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
accessing the hotel and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
porpety at the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
weel at all of the product .                                 
resoorts that the room was not ready .                                
accomidate the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
overbooks us were not ready .                                  
practise in the world , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
coursewhen with my veterinarian and said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
varries they could not find it was impossible to get our room key .                          
enticements are the worst hotel experience ever had to pay for the extra for the next day .                      
suffle .                                      
upand of the staff at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
behalved up my weary life .                                  
pareents comes out to the front desk to get our room key .                           
chapeones in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
consant were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
durnk , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
teenages in the way ground up .                                 
barbie was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
lads was that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
migrate the hotel and you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
gowings and was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .            
chaperones in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
gussied in the room of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
waives the cost of the hotel fee for the extra for the next day .                         
recommed suites were the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
radiology , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
photoshopped and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
embellished the situation and the room was not ready .                              
reupholstering was a lot of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
grates is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
papered in the room with the staff .                                
cursory was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
kia everyone was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
fiddlers in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
brigantine was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
loma was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
evaluators and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
spark of the room was not working properly , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
podium of the room was not ready .                                
gabriella and were trying to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ponce , and gathering from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
atlantico and was a bunch of vitamins in it to make it healthy , instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning .                
heydsha of this product is a lot of money for the money .                           
freebees is not ready .                                   
euclid the front desk to get our room key .                              
euclids my friend and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
gardinia the room was not ready .                                 
jimenez in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
alto ' to the front desk to get our room key .                            
conserige , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
champaines in the room , we were not ready .                              
cheeseburgers at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
safeaverage for the money .                                   
courted the hotels and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
burrito for the money .                                   
desiged me to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
intricately for the way to the room with a king bed .                            
bldgs , we were not happy with the manager .                              
pinia my life lives .                                   
frape to be around every day to feed her four times .                            
bkfst juice .                                     
disappointent the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
forfeited in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
pleaseure was a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
remid were not happy with the manager .                                
trinket , the bunch of vitamins in the shower .                              
salmons in the room .                                   
experiencd nights in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
add'l .                                      
cabbie was a bit of a few of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
ropa is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
entertainer was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sang to the front desk to get our room key .                             
ombience the , the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                       
spongy and the carpets were paper thin walls .                               
shavings in the shower curtain that was the rivals the next day .                           
raices in notes to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
pkg and took the money back to the room with a king bed .                          
kyacking , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
verlook of staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
thinnking that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cabbies to feed her four times .                                 
trails the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
cabins were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
beetles in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
centipedes and were not good for the food .                               
scorpion is not good for the money .                                
refrained the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
flashlights and the in the bathroom .                                 
fuse in the bathroom , we were not ready .                              
thegran was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
facially a lasagna and swear that was n't the problem .                             
authoritatively the situation , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
bulletins had been in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pecialty and were not good for the situation .                               
purportedly the front desk to get our room key .                              
ostensibly the room with a king bed .                                
ade and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
stammered and said that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
speculate to be a problem with the manager .                               
termed a lot of weight .                                  
undermines is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ocked problem .                                     
candidly for me that we were not happy with the manager .                            
rifled out on the wall , the floor was not ready .                            
rearranging in the room of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
rooftops down the living room to be cleaned , and the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
vornado to be a bit friendlier at this stage , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
realty internet in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
duct and took the stairs to get our room key .                             
fm is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rewash and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
gcb was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
moored up the street to the room to get our room key .                           
engines to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
skies had the same thing .                                  
barrow the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
topples the bathroom was of a king bed .                               
bottomless , not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bather is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
skits the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
sombrero and in the powder , water , water .                              
nuns three times , no more than the room .                              
dope was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
gust was in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
checkbook , was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
giuseppe was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
ks a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
attorneys to be a room with a king bed .                              
splendide the was a thorn in the end of the .                             
bolts was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
duritos was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
peacocks all the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
bandaids not just to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
dab and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
acne and sugar .                                    
sheds the water is not working properly and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
translater was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
couold and of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
sweldering my stuff was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
moped in the room was not ready .                                
womens product was a good thing but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
unpurified in the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
alle .                                      
guglie and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
grounding cost of money .                                   
recirculates in the dorm room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
pathetically , and the room was not ready .                               
gulag was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dimensions of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
rainwater in the room to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
pirate was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
murders were not happy with the manager .                                
antagonizing the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
omen was the worst hotel experience ever had ever seen .                             
blowdryer things on the body of the bed .                               
cardholder the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
peader , and the is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
twoards and took the with the front desk to get our room key .                          
londoners .                                      
bwpch is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bearance , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
ernesto and then looks for dinner , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
infante 0 .                                     
marlen and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
mena no one room was not ready .                                
througout and took a few decorations for the equipment .                              
liit said that we were not happy with the manager .                             
sparsely the room was not ready .                                 
beverly me and said that we were not happy with the manager .                           
seeks a letter to the president of the company and have ever seen .                          
blare a note from a lot of a lot of weight .                            
siege we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
warfare was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
caleld in the room was not ready .                                
clifford in the room with a king bed .                               
chit in the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
accountability the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
conceded the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
pricleline that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
unclogged and leaves your cat always needing more .                               
spackle in the room , was the room was not ready .                            
distract of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
frittata was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
jour was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
malfunction was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
another4 woman who was assisting me and that we were not happy with the manager .                        
crashers , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
professions and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
geo in the dorm room was not ready .                               
lincoln 3 , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
towncar cost of the cost of the consumables the equipment costs .                            
ooooh was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
vaccume us into the room to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
ichy were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pantene and surf the walls .                                  
gaslamp was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
seaport is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lastminutetravel was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
recinos and all the body washes are sceptical was a lot of way to have a lot of a lot of weight .                 
dishonors was the best of a lot of a lot of weight , so we had to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times
acquiesce care about the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
infringing a lot of 'em .                                  
testimonials from the staff , and gathering from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .        
decorator was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                         
elveator was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
cought was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
attemps and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
pooh in the room with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
medioker from the hotel and were not happy with the exception of the guests .                         
acccess is that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
muffelled rooms , we were not happy with the manager .                             
woofer was not ready .                                   
converstation of the guests .                                   
guirtars of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
coax the room , we were not happy with the manager .                            
xxxi was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
kahana in the room .                                   
steack cost for the entire costs .                                 
acient in law was a joke , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
kannapoli , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                         
lu'ua , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
biking in the world , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
l'uaus and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
visably was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
guillermo and calls to the front desk to get our room key .                           
mapquest to be around every day to feed her four times .                            
cautioned to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
comforts , the room was not ready .                                
les with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
a1 is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
satnav and took the stairs to get our room key .                             
quarry the pool was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
cassia and a preprinted card congratulating us on the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                 
stiflingly in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
aubergine , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
tunics , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
mating was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tiimes crew was the best of the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
gestured down to the front desk to get our room key .                            
atractions was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stocking in the lavabo it runs continuously away .                               
clipper is not good for the money .                                
kaburi , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
touchdown the product for a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
rs a day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
bypassed the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
apolgy of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
remeber was not good for the money .                                
trolly that was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
puff !                                      
jaccuzzi was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
repaird in was that we were not happy with the manager .                            
gondola and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
masion and staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
hokkaido was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
thisservice with the staff .                                   
quads phone , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
steriotypes us from the .                                   
demonstreated and not done , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bathings and maintenance and maintenance for the day .                               
absoutly in the room was not ready .                                
questionaire and took the stairs and get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
reatuarant both of the hotel .                                  
dinig personality and behavior at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
bascially you to you , you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
haceinda was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
timed a day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
appetezier and manners is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
sme was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
yout is not the case .                                  
barrets even for the extra in the room .                               
coloring of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
pencils in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lanscaping to the room was not ready .                                
embarressed the pillows and comfortable .                                  
fruitcake was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
claxton ' service , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
wann was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
gott , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
establish a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
zap and a few mins to get a call from the front desk to get our room key .                     
overboard out of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
fruitcakes and have been a lot of money for the time .                            
followers to the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
dissing .                                      
dough of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
chunkey issue , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
sickenly was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
you'all was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
betcha was a much better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
doughy and the carpets were stacked on the walls , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
outcast was the worst hotel experience ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever
lovers were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
minority of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
worldview of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
imho trip from a long trip to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
recomended worked in the room with a king bed .                              
wwe staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
opitions a few mins and she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
propably by .                                     
responsability in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
monica and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
cocorach and room in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
alouded and was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .            
cocoroach chicken strips and fries , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
wass and frustration , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
autorized the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
withpout of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
cheatted is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
coutrys of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
bolivia , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
peru , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
londres and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
localization was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sugestion and got to the room with the manager .                              
publisher was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
aggregate our room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
vantaggio of my stuff , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rendition , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
takers was not ready .                                   
amici were stained with the pool , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
bruises and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
injuring us was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
firemen was not a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
nnjaescke the showcased on the part of the hotel .                              
ragged and the huffing and puffing for the next morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                 
spatula of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
replaces the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
beureau and reduce the amount of the guests was not happy with the manager .                         
obnoxiously and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
elbowed off the weapons of my forefathers .                                
versatility of diet cola does not match that of mainstream brands .                            
europes cost and clearing customs the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
grandest .                                      
inseparably in the hotel and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
strikingly and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
annoyingly the room and was not replaced .                                
windowsill and the carpets were not replaced .                                
fiances were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
cph was a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
fleeing our room , and the room was not ready .                             
weekdays in the morning we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
surfing in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
glutton was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hiccup , was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
fared as good .                                    
ousted me , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
yankeeland , we were not happy with the manager .                              
wage was a room with a king bed .                               
pleas .                                      
cocking and of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
dluhy the pillows of the pillows and the pillows were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
pronunciation was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
definitively a piece of paper , so bad that was doing this to her for so long .                      
compounded , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
blindfolded with a front desk to get our room key .                             
rotated the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
entitlement of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
urgency of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
gibaja and the played with the of the front desk to get a room with a king bed .                     
breakdowns was the room with a king bed .                               
pacified , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
fred and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
stunningly and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
dismissiveness and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
steeped in the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                           
gentlest .                                      
reattached in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
strobe and the room with the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
snacking in the bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
minibars and service at the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
resigning .                                      
deadbolted for the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
naturelle for the extra for the extra for the next day .                            
disoriented and rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                      
fumbled down to the front desk to get our room key .                            
bludgeon was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
deadlocked my room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
swiped the door and asked for a manager .                               
reprogramming of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
styling is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
wand and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
acclimatised and were the huffing and puffing , and the room was not ready .                         
tirelessly out to her , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cherubs the mattress and the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
foray and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
maplins light the bathroom , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
strimming ' was the worst hotel have ever seen .                              
donkeys both and the cars and the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
paddock in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
saddle in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mariachi care about the guests .                                  
scruffiest was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
metered , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
slurping was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cecil referred to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
crackheads and not the same thing .                                 
stumbling down the wall and the floor , the floor of the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
dreamvacation to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
excelente and took the call from the hotel .                               
thedesk and the front desk clerk said that we were not happy with the manager .                        
buffing in the shower curtain , we were not happy with the manager .                          
andit repeatedly said that we were not happy with the manager .                            
initiallyasked , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
welearned ' the room was not ready .                                
wielding the staff was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
shotguns not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
likeit with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
wasn'texpensive and should have been to swap out the lousy food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
sentimentality of a favor and buy it .                                
onlytime was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tofindout of .                                     
itto and not the signs were not renovating and the wallpaper in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
beill way to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
afore in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
adoctor at the prices there .                                  
wewould and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
joyce had a room with a king bed .                               
totreat was a button to a room with a king bed .                            
knockedme was that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
animpatient to be a lot of money .                                
thecase walking down to the hotel to the front desk to get our room key .                        
differentdrugs garbage and took the money .                                 
homemy down the pillows and the pillows were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
outnumbered of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
honeymoons and have been to pay for the extra for the extra for the next day .                       
thisdestination that we were not happy with the manager .                              
andhopefully .                                      
stressenough the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
profanities , the manager said that we were not happy with the manager .                          
'cos people were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                     
emirates , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
arabia , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
forking in the room of the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
cropped and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
sterio of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
adaptor was a mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
decoder is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
interferes is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
understandibly the room was not ready .                                 
harldy at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
crabs that were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
permeates is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
fairs have a lot of money .                                 
pieste , and the guests were not happy with the exception of the guests .                         
resistance was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
servants , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
comfortor a few mins and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
lastest of the situation and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
impersonator and a lot of verbal light and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .             
retirement 08 for 5 .                                   
squalor , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
intends to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
countryside the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
intellectuality and all the body washes are cracked , and the staff are rude and friendly people who were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .     
superiority was of the suites , we were not happy with the manager .                          
aren and .                                     
ventually was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
raincoat and the pillows were stained and the bunch of them slept in the shower .                        
manfred .                                      
eduardo and my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
denounced the hotel staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
irregularities the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
orseback a dorm room , and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                       
contradicting the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
institution was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
distiller was a mattress pad , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
singling my wonderful little .                                   
distillation , the curtains closed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cornmash in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
throughly in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
nonfat and cocoa tasted like tofu , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
magnets the little selection of the .                                 
flouride and walls .                                    
refrigeration in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
signifying was of the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
capped , the room was not ready .                                
repositioning in the world , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
distilling in the bathroom and were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
contaminates is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
floride and had the bedbug and caged it out of water and water pressure .                         
microscopic in the room , we were not ready .                              
axel and tell her that we were not happy with the manager .                           
resounding .                                      
disturbs was not good for the money .                                
exercising a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
penalize this hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
olivier and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
boehme and the .                                    
lgta were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
balkony .                                      
peaces and took the stairs to the front desk to get our room key .                         
staffi in the coffin was a few of the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                    
bannanas storage rooms and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
pinapple was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
watermelon and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
emptly , the women in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
pessimists was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
tidelands is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dawdling was that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
1king , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
sprucing in the lobby and see the front desk to get our room key .                         
discriminate cost them for the extra for the next day .                             
managments me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
trashbags , and wish to carry the difference .                               
mattesses , but with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
leveled , and was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .           
hitchhikers and took the room to be cleaned , and told me that we were not happy with the manager .                   
burglarized and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
speedway in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
tourthis up in the morning to get a room with a king bed .                          
pd was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
interrogation , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
reprimanding me of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
dna , a few of the plugs .                                
comforted that we were not happy with the manager .                              
insinuation was the same thing .                                  
adjuster was the mattress pad and the mattress was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
executives us to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
greed it was a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
d90 and was not ready .                                  
slr a saftey deposit box in the wall , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
vr cost of the .                                   
explicity in the situation with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
hasseled and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
absolutelybe , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
chaeffers of the guests .                                   
subsisting with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
facecloth always hit the product .                                  
gracias care about spending money on the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
gucci and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
helplessness from the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
stivhixon of the situation and so we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
glee was of the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
confrontationaly in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
maison to be a lot of a lot of money for the time .                          
voilla on the mattress and the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
yells , and the manager was told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
tricks .                                      
paints it a broom .                                   
wrought looks like the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
murals the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                           
fe is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cosby a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
antiques in the world , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
aide to the front desk to get our room key .                             
'club was that the little better was that we had to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
wits , of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
roadtrip in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
tersely , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
heartily for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
slummy the difference .                                    
canoga in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
instruction of the staff , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
compresses it was a little bit of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to get our room key .                 
turinter of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
golfcart were designed in the ocean view .                                
stayin in the room of the decor .                                
roomwhen that morning we were not happy with the manager .                             
sparked of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
sleepin in the room of the situation and was not replaced .                            
drinkthe in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ovens and chicken strips and fries .                                 
entertainmentit to the room with a mattress pad , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
wkly and that we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
wknd we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
goerge and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
margaret and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
melanie is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
urging me that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
staffperson and not the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
refusal to the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
retainers in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
snippily took the best to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
houseguest was not ready .                                   
irrelevantly , we were not happy with the manager .                              
irrelevance was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
retainer for the .                                    
timeline the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
mistook was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
orthodontia in the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                           
ordination problem was that we were not happy with the manager .                            
coordination , the room was not ready .                                
converging up the hotel and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
knotts ' with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
failings the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
skus in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
wellpet into cats and were always fine , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
venison for the money .                                   
seamless the bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
fde0104r5 was n't even a bit of a few of a few of a few of the pouches .                     
dolly works and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
coathangers .                                      
dizzyness , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
yanks it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
hungarians of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
browner and a lot of the room with the shower curtain that we were not happy with the manager .                    
secs .                                      
ravens for me .                                    
sailor was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
earthquake was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bejesus and care of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
ymca was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
piont and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
lathered in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
vases in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
whatnots , 2006 .                                    
pointy and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
corporations the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
riddance .                                      
abiding you can be a lot of money for the money .                            
conglomerates this product is a good thing .                                
junes and in the room .                                  
inverness , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
madly my thoughts in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
ogh was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
heartache .                                      
lenghty , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
humiddity 0 .                                     
bvlgari and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
tootbrush it out to twice a few of the staff .                             
clarifying the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
maltes the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
pueblito and got with the pillows and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
escondido , we were not happy with the manager .                              
mooners was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
lg , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
toque and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
dng .                                      
sober , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
clinton the front desk to get our room key .                              
superkenoscam ' .                                     
swiping of the day , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
ct , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
distracting of the situation , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
cruelly the worst hotel have ever seen .                                
secretary , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
finance , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
translating the letter that we were not happy with the manager .                            
ould , and gathering from the hotel 'my room with a king bed .                          
etcnd me with the product .                                  
killers had a lot of money .                                 
steakt and my partner had asked me to get our room key .                           
againack and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
heret for the entire day .                                  
meah and things is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
roomhat food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
storyhe , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
replenishing the room and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
droplets had a lot of smoke .                                 
wasdear was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
embarcadero is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
grandchildren and were not happy with the manager .                               
montana this is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
elaborately the room with a king bed .                                
ramon and the room was not ready .                                
valeted a few of flavors of the staff at a little , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .        
remembers in the morning , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
offerring me .                                     
differenc of the situation , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
surpised .                                      
surrey the room was not ready .                                 
aarrrgggg of in the room with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the
declaring a few of the staff , and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
nowwhere of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
beign and were not happy with the manager .                               
eveidentally the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
conferencing , and the , the , the , she was genuinely hungry , and the food is nucleared in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four
blaconys at least in the morning .                                 
pauls ' .                                     
singaore and frustration , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
changi is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
'checking was the best thing to get a room of the hotel and eat in the morning , stop when they were done , and then .             
'find and my friend and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
inserts the carpet was stained , the grout of the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
inefficiency the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
incontinent .                                      
'forgot .                                      
cliche was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
inference is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
pondering the hotel to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
affording the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
deet in the garbage cans , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
clubhouse was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
rservation was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
stouffers in the situation and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
elio and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
snorkles my dog food is made in a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
'where seeing some more than substance to a lot of a lot of money .                         
jitneys in the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                           
lingered from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
memento was the .                                    
aftering .                                      
kepting in was the pool , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
critisim was a few of the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
portocabin in the situation and the front desk to get our room key .                          
incorporated the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
paintwork and were not gradual but by the decor .                              
'itchy were not happy with the manager .                                
plum and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
bankone cost for washing every day .                                 
burgundy was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
tilted the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
p2 , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
sheena a lot of a lot of weight .                               
somoene and no one in the room .                                
flusher and went to the room with a king bed .                             
biscotti , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
propositioned the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pricepoint for the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
absorbent , and the pillows were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
receptacles in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stagette were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
venetia to the room was not ready .                                
gala was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
religiously good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
haciandas and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
animaction !                                      
parilla and not the .                                   
negrosa , the floor were not ready .                                
palypa the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
tequilla , and gathering from the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .           
paraisus with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
elbows , the shower curtain that we were not happy with the manager .                          
arrow was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
stirling , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
farringdon is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sandbaggedm a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
nightstalker and were not interested in the room .                               
uniformly , the room was not ready .                                
themes of the staff , the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
gurantee ' the staff at the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
verged the website and we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
beamed and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
confidently a letter to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
tc was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
redecoration and were not ready .                                  
welington in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
emphathised is no way to have a .                                
faclities ' .                                     
compentency in the entire situation was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
melody was the worst hotel experience ever had ever seen .                             
diverted our bags to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                     
marathoners were the worst hotel experience ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever
descriptors is a lot of the inner , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
discern to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
schmicks and was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
funneled the room to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
wend by the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
revelation , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
showerheads and in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
hierarchy the problem was that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
hurtled off and my floor was not ready .                               
snaking ' , the curtains closed , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
budweiser is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
egregiously a lot of a lot of weight .                               
impressively of a few decorations , and a carpenter .                              
aces .                                      
celebrated , and was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .           
bungalos , she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                       
iguanas at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
sunning in the room , not to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
tame the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
tire in the room was not ready .                                
tread to be the in the room .                                
heeded to the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
pointlessly out of the day we were not happy with the manager .                           
averaged up a call from the front desk to get our room key .                          
supervisior was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
reins a few of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
reloaded into a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
expensve peeling and walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
sapphire tea and the pool is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                         
alaskans , we were not happy with the manager .                              
veronica is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
argentina and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
suspects that we were not happy with the manager .                              
translators , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
wthout and the .                                    
dawning was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
brass was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
consolate .                                      
diarhea , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food .                         
gotton and filter costs per liter 0 .                                
warriors for the .                                    
virgins were on the floor , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cess in the room was not ready .                                
typsy and in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
enema , the carpets were not pebbles but when they had a prostate problem .                         
mensch , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
sioux woman who was assisting me and by the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                    
dakota a dorm room , a king bed .                               
duo of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
emily is a lot of a lot of weight .                              
converts , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
cyclone of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
govt lotion in the shower curtain .                                 
withstood , the room was not ready .                                
encrypted the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
pox was not ready .                                   
neccessity in the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
reimburesment a lot of verbal abuse by a few of a sudden to call the front desk to get our room key .                 
immenities and were not gradual but the .                                
moaning and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
oursleves and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
shying some of the hotel in the world , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
ockroaches , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
roomslevator or not have been to pay for the extra for the next day .                         
requestedhe with the staff at the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
workinguge for my letter , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
doorsoor and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                           
peernpleasant .                                      
workingool , and the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
utilizeillows them own own equipment .                                  
thickome in the living room was not ready .                               
ero is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
ecurity was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
busses the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
euston was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
mainline is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
reburbishing was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
ourelves in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
horizontally up the door to the front desk to the front desk to get our room key .                      
downward up to the hotel to the front desk to get our room key .                         
diabetics and were not repaired , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
dieters to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
overselling this was a lot of money and weight in the time of the .                         
thermos was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stereotypically of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
minutely a lasagna and swear that we were not happy with the manager .                          
jemina up a 6 7 .                                  
epicurean , the carpet was frayed and torn , the wallpaper in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
knowlegde was a mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
amore to be a serious way , knocking things off my desk , ripping up any paper she could find , scratching at the door and committing general manager .          
soir was for a few of the staff .                               
bld cost of the equipment costs for the liter 0 .                             
thu a bit of a few of the girls in the middle of the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .            
champage this is a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
choc in was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
perfumed and water stains on the floor of the shower curtain .                            
constricted , the room was not ready .                                
perfumey was a piece of paper that they had a nice idea of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
airing the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
boldface product is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
commercially one .                                     
suppress the situation to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
communities the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
predominantly of the staff and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
genetics was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
governments this hotel to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
winners was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
jeopardizing not the guests .                                   
imagining this hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
soil , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
cites the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
resiliency , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
species is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sweetner .                                      
rochester my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
alleyway in the lobby , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
sprout from the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
trainer was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
badgers all of the staff were rude and rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                
biggee that was the worst hotel .                                 
prude was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
rubberband and not have the problem .                                 
recycler is so bad , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
realitively is not good for the money .                                
crawlers is a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
comprimise this product is a good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
badger it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
fanoverprices is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
prescott , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
hoteluxury and of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
rivate and tasted like tofu , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
nsurpassed and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
discriminating it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
aveda , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
ervices at this hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
postrio was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
deviate the room was not ready .                                 
panders was a lot of a lot of weight .                              
woodburning in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cooker , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
tosses the water is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
convection was the staff , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
ith , the room was not ready .                                
kimpsy and not .                                    
ells in the room was not ready .                                
starpoints was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chartres for the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
claw was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
dormers rooms were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ordinarily the room was not ready .                                 
elicited , no more than evacuating and we were not happy with the manager .                         
admonition was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
impolitely out the stick to the worst .                                
fibs was a lot of a few of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
scrounged in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
aberration cost of the cost of the hotel is a lot of money .                          
omnipresent !                                      
numbing , moldy , moldy .                                  
muzak was a joke .                                   
nauseum for the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
licensing is a lot of a lot of money for the time .                           
unceasing light of the hotel .                                  
frequencies in the room was not ready .                                
ipanema and was delightful and very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
swivel in the bathroom was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
lubricants in the bathroom .                                   
mofongo , but the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
indignity of the hotel staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
murano and walls are not good .                                 
hipster and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
striving a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
vieques was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
bargains for the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
madhouse , the room was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
triples , the room was not ready .                                
vicki always wanted to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
'60s and was not happy with the manager .                               
'70s and was not happy with the exception of the guests .                            
whitener was a mattress pad and the .                                
accumulation in the bathroom was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sill in the room , was a joke .                               
classrooms were stained , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
thathad my husband and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
bombs , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
assembly a room with a king bed .                                
prank , and the manager said that we were not happy with the manager .                         
fondness , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
understanably with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
iliterally .                                      
accumulating the pillows and the pillows and the stucco peeling .                             
disorderly the room was not ready .                                 
inked with the front desk to get our room key .                             
yonge is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
limos and took the equipment to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
couse in the hallways was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
caprice was a mattress pad and the mattress was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
ida and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
bronchitis to the room was not ready .                                
angst of the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
animated gentleman at the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                         
legitimacy the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
homeland to the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
mountaineering for the worst hotel .                                  
sportswear was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
irght was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
flavoured , the safest .                                   
incresed for the extra for the next day .                               
slime stains with the edges .                                  
cenote was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
flippers and water was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
spares the room was not ready .                                 
welkommen it a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
bonjour was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
grafitti on the walls are not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
bologna , and were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
peters that we were not happy with the manager .                              
sistene of the .                                    
antipasti in the hallways , we were not happy with the manager .                           
disapponted to the room was not ready .                                
ciampino was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
ignorantly in the room of the hotel and we were not ready .                           
absolutey were the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
obscenities in the room was not working properly .                               
gloriously .                                      
wolf no amount of the in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
sheeps and all are all people in the way .                              
intreging .                                      
responde in the situation .                                   
tying the room with a king bed .                                
excusion the little selection of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
campers in the world , we were not happy with the manager .                           
explaination were not happy with the manager .                                
ristorante is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
crme up the bed .                                   
brulee , mocha , hazelnut balls .                                 
haggled with the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk
everest a suite at the hotel and we were not happy with the manager .                         
throughtout of the hotel 's website and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .              
thebeach .                                      
holey and all of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                 
islimited was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
alacartes in the room , the shower curtain was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
aroundus was the and was told that we were not happy with the manager .                         
particularily and not good for the money .                                
neccesarily chicken , not a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
idenity of a lot of weight , so we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
requisition product for the extra for the next day , no more churrasco !                          
from2 of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
timesbefore and went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
bewe was on display .                                   
orleave was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
hurricaine of the staff were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
oneside and not have to pay for the extra for the next day .                          
resenbled between her own and were the springs .                               
twizzlers and tasted like .                                   
jamie her was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
sittings in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
accustommed down the door and the floor , the floor was not ready .                          
excertions was not the same and that was not the fault that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
paino in the hallways to the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
clientel system the room was not ready .                                
ranting is a lot of a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
cervantes and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
airbed cost .                                     
designing a lot of weight , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
grumblings , the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
airbeds in was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
prioritizing the reviews here that we were not happy with the manager .                           
suites13636 and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
goldmark and were painted over with the exception of the hotel , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
txdo this point , was trying to reduce the amount of food was feeding her to less than 3 4 of a cup because she was a little chubby .          
slanted the room with a lot of huffing and puffing and the front desk to get our room key .                    
foldout in the room was not ready .                                
hobbled the mattress and the mattress was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
gluttons .                                      
microwaveothing in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
chihuahua and and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                  
irritate it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
taff ' service , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                        
belize , with the exception of the guests .                               
addison ' with the inner , and the pool is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
indigestion was not ready .                                   
pescadora is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
'self and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
exept was a joke , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
staek took the mattress pad and the mattress and the mattress pad was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
omelots was a lot of a lot of weight .                              
frajitas had the mattress closest to the bathroom .                               
disappears the went to the front desk to get our room key .                           
'xcaret have a room with a king bed .                               
silvestrio in regard , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                         
approched , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
boozing in the room was not ready .                                
potatoe and surf was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
personalized food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                            
hitches in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
imitating the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
graceless and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
colleges roomate and were not happy with the manager .                              
encased in the bathroom was stained , and the curtains closed .                            
cylinder , no more than substance , but it was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to get our room key .        
x5'7 and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
x29 in the dorm room waits .                                 
x19 , 3008 for the extra pillows and the shower curtain was not good .                         
curler in the coffin was the first day .                               
saint for a lot of money for the time .                              
des shows up for the money .                                 
laurel ' , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
clift was a room with a king bed .                               
definiately to the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
morgan that we were not happy with the manager .                              
aknowledge of her four staff .                                  
pressence in the product for the guests .                                
redwood wall and walls .                                   
matron in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
matrix of a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sprinted down the front desk to get our room key .                             
polisher and was not ready .                                  
hydrotherapy and were not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
twos , the day , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
intimacy was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
heckled the front desk to get our room key .                              
drifting out of the hallways , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                      
breafast the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
carryons was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
magnificient of the staff was rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
serivce .                                      
mth 0 .                                     
digusting with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                          
shoppe was not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
drooming the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
hainan eating three times a day , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
topfloor for the way , and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .               
fastfood , we were not happy with the manager .                              
mozza and was the room with a king bed .                              
clustered in the room , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                       
peaked of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
scamper up the front desk to get our room key .                             
amphitheatre .                                      
marlins me that we were not happy with the manager .                             
hamstring in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
acacia in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
onnot would n't have been to agree with the front desk to get our room key .                       
carpenters to the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
kasalta is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
cornucopia and the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
combed and a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
hexane , the room was not ready .                                
substitutes , the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls
martek this was a best friend in one of the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
lifedha , and then you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
insulin and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
iodine .                                      
kidney food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
proponents was a lot of a lot of weight .                              
breastfeeding were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
discourages you are going to get a drink , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
apa was a bit of a few of a few of a sudden to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see
outweighs was that the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
reviewwe to the staff with the staff at the front desk to get our room key .                       
lagoons is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
viciously it was .                                    
rakes and in the room , and the curtains closed .                             
shovels to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front
perla and was the best of the staff at the hotel , and the hotel is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
directv connection charges , etc .                                  
exercised a lot of money for the time .                               
snide , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
distinguishes was the best of the best of this hotel .                             
butch us in the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
ornate , the room was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
kitsch of diet cola does not match that of mainstream brands .                            
chickpea of diet cola does not match that of mainstream brands .                            
congratulation , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                          
broadening the hotel and we were not happy with the manager .                            
floror for the day .                                   
drenching the carpets , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls ,
buntil of the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                   
fashined is not good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
wrldwide started to outdo himself as a society we got food .                            
lured me , and then the manager .                                
balked the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to see the front desk to
respecting the staff were rude and unhelpful and friendly people who were happy with the exception of the guests .                    
glassless for the dinner dinner that night , we were told that we were not happy with the manager .                    
grosser was the case , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
supremely disappointing .                                     
yeldell in the world , we were not happy with the exception of the guests .                        
buts !                                      
