THE BIG COMPLAINT: NO TOASTING AVAILABLE.
I won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.
The level of rudeness was preposterous.
They seemed to continue to rush us along, taking plates without asking if we were done (my sister still had her fork in hand). 
but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced.
THIS STAFF SHOULD BE FIRED.
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
bad staff
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
Will never be back.
This is where it really really gets bad: the manager said, there is absolutely nothing we can do, it's a matter of taste that she didn't like it, and I cannot comp it.
The food was bland oily.
wont come back again for sure!
No desert menu, no apology, nothing!!!!!!
I was very disappointed with this restaurant.
We never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating.
At this point, the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay, I was literally so shocked that I was speechless and didn't say anything, and guess what, the waitress WALKED away.
The only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared.
However, our $14 drinks were were horrible!
The food was actually aweful.
Oh, and I never write reviews--I just was so moved by how bad this place was, I felt it was my duty to spread the word.
The waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet, we were told no...
After the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner.
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance, but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too.
The waitress was not attentive at all.
The dishes came out around 5 minutes apart.
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn.
Slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.
I'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely!
We also asked for Hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the Hooka.
The sauce tasted more like Chinese fast food than decent Korean.
I was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have.
The food is very average...the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet, every thing they serve is too sweet here.
Somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service.
The real problem I had with this place was the complete lack of service.
We were less than impressed.
Only complaint is the pricing--I believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu.
its a little out of the way if you don't live in the neighborhood.
Also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.
Our visit their to say the least, was an unpleasant and costly experience!
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end, not one person takes responsibility for anything.
they were dry and disgusting, i didn't even finish my first piece.
But the staff was so horrible to us.
The fish was adequate, but inexpertly sliced.
although the interior could use some help.
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.
Not a great place for family or general dining.
Such a disappointment...
Mine was a little burnt,raddichio was kind of bitter though.
Either that, or the editor's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table, while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th.
The frizzy retro girl (with winged/ Dame Edna glasses) will yell at you if you try to order a drink. 
The kitchen however, is almost always slow.
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.
When we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost.
Well, this place is so Ghetto its not even funny.
Way below average
The food they serve is not comforting, not appetizing and uncooked.
It is thick and slightly soggy.
The food doesn't quite match up.
We were very disappointed.
Also, I personally wasn't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole.
Nevertheless, I finished my plate, and that's when I found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom.
This place...god where do i begin.
It's just average, just shredded, no seasoning on it.
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.
Very immature bartender, didnt know how to make specific drinks, service was so slowwwww, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers.
To top it all off.. the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant.
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
Never again!
Be prepared to wait, because the place is pretty tiny.
It's boring on the inside, and our sushi was pretty below average... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor.
When we threatened to leave, we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing.
supercilious scorn is in.
If celebrities make you sweat, then your in for a ride, but if your like most around these parts then you'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype.
Okay-i don't mind the oily part (cause most are cooked that way) but it was way too bland.
When the main course finally arrived (another 45mins) half of our order was missing.
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
but they REALLY need to clean that vent in the ceiling...its quite un-appetizing, and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern.
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
And how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins, inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent?
I literally just got back home after visiting Casa La Femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time.
She just nodded and walked off.
The only downside... they only take cash which is OK if you know about it ahead of time.
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i can't not mention or undermine.
I have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused, and wasted my hard earned money.
The stuff tilapia was horrid...tasted like cardboard.
I honestly don't even know where to begin.
The bread was stale, the salad was overpriced and empty.
but the service was a bit slow.
My main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others, but I would be lying is I said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen I was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation.
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
The lobster knuckles (special of the day) were ok, but pretty tasteless.
But too far east!
In fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.
Murray won't do it.
I took one look at the chicken and I was appalled.
We thought the dessert would be better, Wrong!
There is no way it justifies the accolades it receives, the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table.
My mom originally introduced me to this place, but even she (being Indian) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily.
If I could give 0 stars I would do so for this place.
I couldn't ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends, who was in mid bite, to clear the table.
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
do not come here on a empty stomach.
Maitre-D-"Eat and get out"
They don't concern much of customer's health, just want to make money.
There is no excuse for such lousy service!
I read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and I thought to myself, but may be it is worth it.
Stay away
Dessert: pure disaster.
Wasn't going to share but I feel obligated...while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of Unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing.
The atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking, which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors.
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.
Again, I'd be super upset if that were my employee.
please don't fool us.
Mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila.
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour.
The space kind of feels like an Alice in Wonderland setting, without it trying to be that.
So what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.
Then, to top things off, she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes. 
First of all, this place is *not* romantic, as claimed by Citysearch's editorial review.
the food and service could have been a lot better.
As BFC doesn't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated, which can be over an hour later!
Unhygienic
The service varys from day to day- sometimes they're very nice, and sometimes not.
We did tip, I guess the model/waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager.
I do not recommend.
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.
For each course we waited over 1/2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink.
Terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.
And I hate to say this but I doubt I'll ever go back. 
But, they were too big for the bun.
but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.
The food can get pricey.
Once we finally got a table, despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed!
To be completely fair couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.
We asked for beverages and never received them.
When we stumbled on Leon, we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT, we were certainly wrong.
The sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.
The pizza is overpriced and soggy.
food was luke warm.
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
I was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a Friday night because she "had a BBQ to go to" that night - WTF??
They are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!
I don't think I would go again.
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
Good luck getting a table.
So, I switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe I could stomach the meat and spinach again, but the spinach was so undercooked that I just could not bite through it.
I asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like I was insane.
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested.
Service was slightly rushed.
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce (even its low sodium), the vinegar-soaked rice, and the scallion on top of the fish. 
I just don't understand all the hype...
Eat at your own risk.
I have been to Roth's twice and both times were very disappointing.
Not enough wines by the glass either.
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly.
After that she simply took our plates, walked away, came back another TWENTY minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it!!!!!!!!!!!!
So rude!!!
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
We were then shooed inside.
I HAVE NEVER EVER HAD SUCH AN UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCE.
Shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service.
The second time it was a little bland.
Bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
We paid a fixed pricce but got nothing!!
the turkey burgers are scary!
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
If you go here, do it on his off-night.
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business!
Just not good at all.
No thanks!!!
I wish I could like this place more, and I wish someone would retrain the staff.
After all that, they complained to me about the small tip.
The atmosphere is noisy.
If you're into being lost when you're just five feet from your table then hey, that's a good thing.
Food was just average...if they lowered the prices just a bit, it would be a bigger draw.
Considering you will spend at least $60 a head, I expect better service. 
Don't get me started on the margaritas, either.
She then put the check down without asking if we were done, and came to check on the bill every two minutes, even though we were one of three occupied tables.
Immediately after we paid, the waiter took the money and said, okay, you guys are outta here.
We, there were four of us, arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude.
So, if you're walking by and thinking about dining, you might want to see who's going to be seating you first...
The portions are small.
I believe there were 2 shrimp in the "salt encrusted shrimp" appetizer. 
I took one bite from the $24 salmon, and I have never, in the 17 years I have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy, as dry, and as bland as the one in Flatbush Farms.
Some Pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing Not impressive at all.
However, once I received my predictably mediocre order of what Dokebi thinks passes as Korean fair, (sometimes you have to settle when it's your only option), I got through about half my kimchee before I found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting, slimy, clearly bad piece of fish skin.
The menu is limited.
Won't or Can't is not in the service directory.
It was served with skin, over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes.
$170 down the toilet...
On our last visit, they skipped over our name on the list, leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table.
The bar drinks were Eh, ok to say the least.
How is this palce still open?
I was speechless by the horrible food.
And $11 for a plate of bland guacamole?
Not impressed with the food.
This place is not worth the prices.
While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
Never got an explanation as to what was going on.
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
The staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic.
I am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience.
They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
Overall, not worth the money.
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery, creamy which means a big task to diggest.. tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count, penne...got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed...lol
If it seemed possible to do so while there I would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible!
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.
Their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, YUCK.
WORST PLACE ON SMITH STREET IN BROOKLYN
lobster ravioli was VERY salty!
By the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs AND we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!
Skip this restaurant, it's a big disappointment.
The manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly.
Polite acknowledgement is out;
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go.
A weakness is the chicken in the salads.
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.
If you are going for the food, it will not be worth it.
Not what I would expect for the price and prestige of this location.
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
I think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked.
Will not be back.
The concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly doesn't work.
though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders.
I agree that dining at Casa La Femme is like no other dining experience!
You should pass on the calamari.
The French Onion soup not overly impressive, and the desserts not brilliant in any way.
skip dessert.
We won't go to this place again for a good meal.
But at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.
I can't believe that it was, but please put the bag down before delivering food!
The reason there are 4 different results on citysearch for the same place is because they keep trying to start a new thread so they can stock it with positive reviews.
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.
Mazing interior.
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place, but not any longer.
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.
Also, because it is so thin, it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling.
The Four Seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of New York City restaurants, but trust me, they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say "I've been to the four seasons restaurant".
Slightly on the pricey side!
Rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).
DO not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
Single Worst Restaurant in Manhattan
There's another girl who I can't describe, she is about 5'6" with brown hair, who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said, so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you're *really* talking about. 
Avoid this place!
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
I attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant, and the food was majorly disappointing.
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
The service is awful.
I thought this place was totally overrated.
I wish they would change back to what it was before.
My quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor.
Less than three minutes passed before I found myself doubled over the toilet.
This guy refused to seat her and she left, followed shortly by the four of us, but not before I told him that in my 40 years of world travel, including Paris, that I had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant.
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.
Not much of a selection of bottled beer either, we went with Brahma. 
But who says Murray's is anything about service.
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
I have never been so disgusted by both food an service.
Mistakes happen, but they are usually accompanied by an apology, perhaps even a glass of wine...but not the grunt that we received from the Al Di La staff.
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting.
The manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine (which cost less than the food), and made it seem like a big concession.
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect, which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me, i.e. make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water, or the check.
They charge different prices all the time.
Probably would not go back here.
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
What we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka.. some of which we never received!
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting.
We were offered water for the table but were not told the Voss bottles of water were $8 a piece.
The bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the "free" appetizer of olives was disappointing.
The servers at Flatbush Farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention.
Can’t believe how an expensive NYC restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients.
This restaurant was way overhyped.
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently 
They have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.
terrible delivery.
Had an awful experience at Casa la Femme on a Saturday dinner.
As to my comment about the food, no apology or acknowledgment was made.
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers, no matter what the reviews say.
I wish I COULD be refunded!
Tiny dessert was $8.00...just plain overpriced for what it is.
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded.
At $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.
The place is small and cramped.
Delivery guy sometimes get upset if you don't tip more than 10%.
Had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive.
Would NEVER go back there.
No plans to return anytime soon.
Terrible Waste of money.. scammers
This place is not inviting and the food is totally weird.
Service can be spotty.
Maggot in the food!
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
How this place survives the competitive west village market in this economy, or any other for that matter, is beyond me.
it is not consistent.
I don't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff (more than the price).
When the bill came, nothing was comped, so I told the manager very politely that we were willing to pay for the wine, but I didn't think I should have to pay for food with a maggot in it.
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn't even fully melted!
Service is not what you are coming here for...
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME!!!!
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service
NO PIZZA 33 for me!
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
Dessert is a joke...dont bother
The hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.
I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed.
however the pad thai was far too oily.
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend, asked him: Where are you from...maybe you dont know how things work in America...and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on.
The only thing you can do here is walk in and eat .. but planning an event, especially a small, intimate one, forget about it.
Poor service and management
Although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes.
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
first it took us a long time to find the place.
This was, from start to finish, a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience.
would never go there again.
I would not expect this for a $55 dinner.
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
well, i didn't find it there, and trust, i have told everyone i can think of about my experience. 
I have worked in restaurants and cook a lot, and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food.
but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!
Fish was overdone.
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.
The mussles were the fishiest things I've ever tasted, the seabass was bland, the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese, the penne w/ chicken had bones in it... It was disgusting.
We asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order.
It's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early.
Never have I had such dramatic delivery guys (a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c I live in a walkup) who always seem disappointed with their tips.
Too bad I had paid an extra $2 for the stone bowl.
Chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top??
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
Wretched and retching
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.
Our experience did not ever get any better.
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.
Not because you are "The Four Seasons"... – you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner.
The nakgi-bokum was horrible.
Just want to warn you all - don't waste your time and money.
It is very overpriced and not very tasty.
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
When you add it all together, it just doesn't seem worth it to me...especially considering the prices.
It wasn't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand, but now it's simply repulsive.
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends.
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.
It was totally overpriced- fish and chips was about $15.... 
This place survives on reputation alone.
Too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.
I was one of the people that went for this horrible experience.
Guess what, I waited for TWENTY minutes before she came over and when she finally did, she says, "oh well, I wish you would have said something earlier" No apology, nothing.
The sushi was awful!
I/we will never go back to this place again.
I couldn't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach.
the prices are too high.
limited menu, no-so-fresh ingredients, thinly-sliced fish, fall-apart rice. 
Rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in NY...stay away from this one
Yes, the prices are high.
I was there for brunch recently, and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter.
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
The worst excuse for Japanese food I've ever encountered.
Terrible would be a compliment!
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read.
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting.
What you are paying for is the environment and the name.
More Williamsburg Garbage
A word to the wise: you can't dine here and disturb the maitre-D's sense of " table turnover", as whacked as it is, or else.
But $1 for each small piece???
It just wasn't Thai.
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary!
Service was slow.
Again, no apology, no is there anything else I can get you, no can I get you a drink to make up for it, nothing!!!!
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.
Pizza was a little soggy.
We didn't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately I think that may have been part of the problem.
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
Drinks way over priced.
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
Overpriced and not tasty 
Which of course is not real Kobe but Wagyu beef.
A real dissapointment.
would NOT go back.
IT WAS HORRIBLE.
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
They're rude at times, and not very friendly.
What a hassle!
You would think they would make up for it with service, sadly, no.
On that scale, it's a world-beater.
Would NEVER go back
Delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week.
though a bit pricey.
Small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed).
Service was just ok, it is not what you'd expect for $500.
This place has totally weird decor, stairs going up with mirrored walls - I am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional...
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service.
Don't go with a larger group than 4! 
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily.
The only thing that strikes you is the decor?(not very pleasant).
A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.
I've waited over one hour for food.
Appetizers took nearly an hour.
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu.
My wife had barely touched that mess of a dish.
Also, waiters try to push more food on you, like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $.
MY husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly!
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips.
We paid and left because we didn't feel like arguing any more.
i know, you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored, but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends, seeking a pleasant experience.
We were charged full price.
I would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner.
These are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner:
Service not the friendliest to our "large party"! 
The counter service is bad.
Told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.
The only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses!
I definitely wouldn't go back.
The staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.
Lexicographers take note: a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in Brooklyn.
On the way out, we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues.
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that.
He offers subpar service and has no personality.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
There was no tap beer that evening, which was a disappointment. 
For starters they delivered us someone else's order.
Gross food – Wow-
The floor was wet, the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor, no soap, and no hand towels left.
I wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly, curiousity got the best of me and I paid dearly for it.
But $500 for a dinner for two that didn't include Wine?
Priced at upper intermediate range.
Expensive
Service ok but unfriendly,filthy bathroom.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
The food now is inconsistent.
Don't be fooled by crowds of people.
Zero ambiance to boot.
I can't remember the last time I had such gross food in New York.
None was made so i hung up.
I was so stunned, and I left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing.
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm.
A little overpriced.
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
I'm a friendly person, so I wouldn't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal. 
This place is incredibly tiny.
My girlfriend, being slightly more aggressive, and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal, called back only to be informed that I was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster, and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant.
The waitress came to check in on us every few minutes, and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating (a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere, so I try to ignore it).
Well...they can run but they can't hide.
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.
It's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone.
Not cheap.
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you.
Was surprisingly disappointed.
The three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were.
We left, never to return.
A little crowded!
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
Their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.
But the pizza is way to expensive.
Quite frankly, this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried.
Surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as Kobe.
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.
Drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!
A large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.
The service leaves much to be desired, from feeling like you are rushed the place your order, to being ignored the rest of the night.
Can't argue about that, but they are clearly over priced.
Not worth it.
His response was smug, arrogant, and condescending, totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening.
But the service is HORRID!
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
The hostess was rude and I got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us.
Chow fun was dry; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family. 
Despite a slightly limited menu.
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality.
She replied "well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now, since you are a larger party, and it might get crowded." 
The waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand.
The service wasn't so great.
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.
I'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.
The food here was mediocre at best. 
I will NEVER return.
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
So I decide to report back to the waitress because it was completely inedible.
This restaurant is VEGETARIAN; there are NO MEAT dishes whatsoever.
Easily the worst stir-fried squid I've ever tasted.
This place doesn't make any sense
Also they were $15 each!
For instance, plates were just dumped on the table, I was handed the wine list upside down, etc.... 
Wouldn't recomend it for dinner!
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
Though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience.
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one!
Not one of our meals was edible - bland and/or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring.
It is expensive.
We ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.
The service is poor.
I'm not picky - but it was actually gross.
My chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin.
Save your money and your time and go somewhere else.
There is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude.
A big disappointment, all around.
The bibimbap was average, but the stone bowl wasn't even close to sizzling.
Went here on sat 1/26 and was disappointed.
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet, where greasy, dry and tasteless are complimentary.
This place is pricey; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine.
Dumbfoundingly Poor
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable.
By the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage NOR hooka!
It's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions, but we've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years. 
the last time i walked by it looked pretty empty. hmmm.
Probably would not go again...
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
I do not think dinner in Manhattan should cost $400.00 where I am not swept off my feet.
I got hair in my food 2 times of then !
The waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.
And even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience.
The food however, is what one might expect.
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.
It was $14 not really bad for a pound of Pastrami-but it didn't have much taste-I've had better for less elsewhere!
Don’t go to this place!
