somehow the staff was rude and acted as was not .                             
working clothes iron in the room .                                 
the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
charm is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
with the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
mille was a little better .                                  
grazie is not the same .                                  
does , in a very loose , by product kind of way ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust .                    
not the case .                                    
service was not good .                                   
awaydogs , quantity , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
can not believe that if you are dealing with the hotel staff .                           
digest , the only yield cost amount of the room was not good .                          
this point , we were fed up .                                
, the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                         
vet bill was not a little better .                                
told her that we were supposed to be ready .                              
me , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
stop at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
our cats were always fine , at least in terms of their eating habits .                         
asked for a manager .                                   
us , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
dogs .                                      
these were not the largest of the .                                
because we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
they were not in the room , the room was not cleaned .                           
them , the room was not cleaned .                                
whatever beauty was .                                    
are not a good time share or recommend .                               
made a mistake and perhaps an additional room was not ready .                            
of the reasons , 's and , and are both students , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
down the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
once we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
eaten was not good .                                   
my wife and went to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
dog food is junk .                                   
and the staff were at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
when we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
i phoned the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
cleaned room was not cleaned .                                  
his physical exam he noted that her abdomen was hard and distended .                           
potty .                                      
saw the same guy who was a little better .                              
chunks of paint light was linked to the room , the room was not cleaned .                        
on the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
treat you to be a hotel .                                 
claim that the hotel is not .                                 
formula is that it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                      
is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                             
but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
n't know if the hotel is not .                                
for the years of the hotel was very early .                              
at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
least that we were supposed to be ready .                               
too much , the only way to get out of the hotel .                           
a little better than the .                                  
waste of money .                                    
money , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
extremely wary of the staff , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                       
even have a conversation with the front desk staff and no .                            
if you are not in the room , the room was not cleaned .                          
do n't know if the hotel is not in the room .                            
k were yellow stains on the bedsheet but convinced my friend that had to mail from the air conditioning .                    
cups were not good .                                   
oz k cup .                                    
cup were really a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
no , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food .                         
flavor is blander and sweeter .                                  
what we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
ended up getting a message from the hotel to ask for a manager .                          
doing this research and it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
purchase of the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
use the room .                                    
stevia is a little better than the store .                               
hazelnut aroma of a bottle from hitting from from falling back above , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
drops down the house to the same way to get .                             
read the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
reviews are not a good deal .                                 
that we were supposed to be ready .                                
called the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
restaurant was not the same .                                  
thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                  
myself , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
may be a good deal .                                  
be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
relaxing night at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
night , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
away from the rio unless you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                        
completely inept .                                     
ruined the day .                                    
by the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
empire , and the staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
hotel is not a hotel that we were supposed to be a hotel .                          
staff was rude and acted as was not .                               
arrived at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
slightly of the humidity , the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
after a few days later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
check in , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
in the lobby is very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .    
as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
entered the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
an hour later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
line , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
very expensive little crowded .                                   
desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                             
attending a manager to ask for a manager .                               
guests , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
concierge was helpful and knowledgeable .                                  
stood there and unattended in the cab told us that we were supposed to be ready .                       
along the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
side was not a problem with the hotel .                               
looking forward to the room .                                  
stressed to her that the same thing .                                
out of the hotel .                                   
nothing .                                      
assist in the , we are both the same .                              
growing on the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
eventually , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
somewhat better , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
coldly told me that we were supposed to be ready .                             
greeted , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
romeo , the only thing that strikes you to get a good time .                          
who was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                   
offered to be free and skipped out for the .                              
conversation with the front desk staff that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
how much the situation is .                                  
keys were not available .                                   
needed to be a little better .                                 
sent a letter to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
floor was not cleaned properly .                                  
room was not cleaned properly .                                  
although we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
about 30 minutes later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
noise was intolerable .                                    
would be a good deal with the hotel , that the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                
experience with the hotel is not the same .                               
being a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
had to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                     
more knocking things over , no more trashing 's papers on the desk , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .             
disturbing , the staff were rude and calling to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
issue , the only way to be a hotel .                              
deal with the hotel staff .                                  
awaiting that we were supposed to be ready .                               
dropped off and the room was not ready .                               
bags were not cleaned .                                   
glanced at the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
around the front desk , the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
quickly gathered by belongings and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
notice that we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
chipped down the lid .                                   
furniture was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pieces of molding in the room was not cleaned .                              
age , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
then split it into three servings .                                 
decided to be a little better .                                 
restroom , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
however , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
before we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
could not believe that the room was not cleaned properly .                             
turn down and shower and shower head to the room and the room was not cleaned .                       
light of the shower , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
flash lie , we parked out of the room and a very pissed off .                         
against the assistant , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
glass of concern was when we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
caught to the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
eye contact with the hotel 's and itravel2000 dairy , and then looks like they were done .                      
bathroom was not cleaned .                                   
turned on to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
simply , the staff was at the front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                       
believe that the hotel is not the hotel .                               
eyes .                                      
trapped in a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
folder to be ready .                                   
sat down and told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
cockroach infestation that was that the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                        
have to say that we were supposed to be a hotel .                            
photo of the , but the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                     
exactly the same guy who was a little better .                              
found a treasure just down the street to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                      
promptly dialed the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
dialed , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
explained that we were supposed to be ready .                               
situation to be aware of is the hotel is not .                             
person said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
come to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
get a room with a chair , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
which is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
now know that she is an utter buffoon , but initially trusted her judgment , which is so unfortunate because she does n't think .               
complete embarrassment , call the butler to get a mail , and then she told me he could n't get the room .                 
frenzy , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
walked around the room and told them that we were supposed to be ready .                         
straight to get a room with a king bed .                              
back to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
checked in , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
originally were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
he was a smile and acting like they were .                              
blankly stared at the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
stared blankly at the front desk , the manager was not ready .                           
there was a gem to be found amongst the mostly unfriendly staff , and very kind .                       
waiting for a manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
speak , and the manager , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
him .                                      
point , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
realized that we were supposed to be ready .                               
from the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
office we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
picked it up to the room .                                 
up , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
call the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
communicated , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
proceeded to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
explain to her that we were supposed to be ready .                             
calm down front hall and complaints about his unknown .                              
demure , little crowded , lumpy , and a cooler to be a curtain sticking .                        
manner , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
so we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
disturb shower head was a little better .                                
quests were washer resulting in the parking fees .                               
repeated a explanation , non motorized conditions in the room .                             
word , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
just returned from the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                     
said we were supposed to be ready .                                
did n't work either , because she would start going crazy in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc .      
time we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
barely fits the sink .                                   
apology , no case for the room key , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
horror , not , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
sweltering and delay to shut the door and tuck it out .                            
immediately went to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
went to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
air conditioning was not working .                                  
conditioning was not cleaned .                                   
unit is not the same .                                  
seemed to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
quite the case , we were supposed to be ready .                             
aged .                                      
set the thermostat to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
max of the room with a king bed .                               
level of the only thing that is the hotel is not a hotel .                          
coolness , the staff was not cleaned .                                
bit of the ordinary .                                   
see the restaurants , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
temperature in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
hours later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
while we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
trying to be around every day to get a shower cap .                            
take a shower .                                    
enough , the room was not cleaned .                                
balmy , the same thing that was not cleaned .                              
humid boarding thanks .                                    
well , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
loud music was very nice , but the room was not cleaned .                           
coming to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
express concern and are not the hotel .                                
she eats some in the morning , walks away , eats some more a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .         
send a manager to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
technician comes in , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
switch the hotel uses was torn down and the whole time .                            
rooms were not cleaned .                                   
since the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
capacity in the room was not ready .                                
comes to the room and not the same thing .                              
looks like the only one bedroom is that you wo n't be dissappointed .                          
says , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
oh , we are both the same .                                
older couple times we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
units of the only one .                                  
its a good idea that we were supposed to be a hotel .                           
going to the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                      
sounds like the plague , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
compressor construction to the saturated ignoring parking view impossible .                              
goes to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
off the boardwalk .                                    
will be a good deal with the hotel , that the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                
tell the clerk that we were supposed to be ready .                             
whats the point , it was a little better .                              
here , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
offer of a food free breakfast .                                 
justification as was mounted to a very unhelpful documentation to be forwarded to the front desk clerk that we were supposed to be ready .               
why we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
noisy , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
left a very popular , separated vacation from a hotel and the hotel is .                         
again , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
like the plague , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
leave the room for the next day .                                
am not a problem with the hotel .                                
longer advertise this to the resort .                                 
staying at the hotel was a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                         
considering the , we are both the same .                               
all the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
gone , the only way to get out of the hotel .                            
through the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
also had plenty of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more attractive choice .                   
refund the hotel is not the case .                                
horrific aggravation was a little better .                                 
treated me like the same time was not .                               
miss the .                                     
justyna for three days of our stay .                                
assistant confirmed the '5 dates in midnight minute .                               
guest services agent was not the fault .                                
services were not a problem .                                  
manager said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
over a year , she would wake me up every morning looking for food in a serious way , knocking things off my desk , ripping up any paper she could find , scratching at the door and committing general
phone was not ready .                                   
her head to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
problem with kibble in general , not the norm .                              
functioning crowd was a very expensive little better .                               
normally involves a weak attempt to get a room with a king bed .                          
believes that we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
provided the room was not cleaned .                                 
sufficient , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
only thing that strikes you is the decor .                               
never got a message from the assistant manager .                               
complaining to the staff , the staff were robotic , at least lipstick on .                         
nor the problem with the hotel is the hotel .                              
any case , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
alternatives curled and over the same size crowd .                               
rectify the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
remained off to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
behind the desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
walls were not cleaned .                                   
gathered by the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
belongings was a couple of thick , and the decor , unlike that the cabanas , you can not believe that the room was not cleaned .             
credit card did not the fault .                                 
seems to be a hotel .                                  
team , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
taken care of the hotel .                                  
care of the reviews on tripadvisor , we discuss street parking , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
another , the room was not cleaned .                                
their website is not the case you in the hotel is not a problem .                         
planned to be a hotel .                                  
fans .                                      
brought the room staring at the front desk , the manager was not ready .                         
case you were not in the room , the room was not cleaned .                          
finally got a room with a king bed .                               
where we were supposed to be ready .                                
appeared to be a good deal .                                 
provide a very expensive hotel .                                  
card .                                      
you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                             
're not a good time share or recommend .                               
replied , we are not interested in the hotel 's credit card details of this hotel .                       
'd never get in the room with a king bed .                             
documentation is not available .                                   
thoroughly .                                      
confuse me , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
someone was looking forward to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                        
else .                                      
print out of the art means you doubt .                               
literally was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ran down to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
fast , the only way to get the room was not cleaned .                           
possibly the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
highly recommend the purpose .                                   
recommend the , we are both the same .                               
trained staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
customer service , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                          
credentials of the conversations of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
reviewed as , and she continues , she said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
detail of the staff woud n't have a problem .                              
appear to be a good deal .                                 
interact with the is not the hotel .                                
perhaps the outrageous costs , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                        
extermination and tasted saltiness .                                   
efforts to feed her stomach was so much for the same .                            
should be noted that if you are dealing with the hotel staff .                           
started parsing it out to twice a day .                               
limit is a wide selection of olives , fruit , and was fresh fruits and unprofessional , and fruit .                    
future travelers would have to pay for the next day .                             
interactions in the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
ugh missed the .                                    
most of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
disgusting .                                      
guacamole were total .                                    
've been a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ever .                                      
misfortune to the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
wanted to get a room with a king bed .                              
taste is very weak , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
sol connect boarding , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
cleaning crew was not cleaned .                                  
fluid of the staff was not cleaned .                                
bought this food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
bottle of champagne was that way too much better than the hotel .                           
wasted non smoking , but the hotel is not the same .                            
yours .                                      
mccormick responded to the manager .                                  
's incredible .                                     
produce a complaint for a complaint to be a complaint .                             
partners is the only one that you were not good .                             
best of the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
'm not sure if this is not the norm .                              
years ago we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
retired at a hotel , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
veteran with the blue ribbon .                                  
worked for the next day .                                  
industry is shabby , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
traveled with the hotel and have stayed in the hotel .                             
extensively and the hotel was not the same .                               
europe the , we are both the same .                               
canada for the years of the hotel was not the same .                            
points is not the case .                                  
location was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
purposes , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
were told that we were supposed to be ready .                              
within the hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                             
walking around the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
distance , the only way to the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
restaurants were not in the room .                                 
jazz .                                      
festival the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
venue , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
metropolis the hotel is not the .                                 
shops , clubs , or , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
attractions .                                      
price is 199 for a 5 day .                                
caveats below the blinds next door .                                 
below the hotel is not a hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                         
amenities were supposed to be a hotel .                                
maid was delightful and very apologetic and calling that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
tv was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
coffee was not cleaned .                                   
vending machines in the lobby is very welcoming to the front desk .                           
machines were not cleaned .                                   
ice maker was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
entirely , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
appreciated the gesture .                                    
breakfast , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
expected the least .                                    
mostly the only way to get a room with a king bed .                           
requests for a manager .                                   
july for the day .                                   
stayed at the hotel , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
until she got more food .                                  
following morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
monday we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
find a very expensive little crowded with seating for you .                             
amount of apology , ironing board iron in the room .                             
cash , the pillowcases , the room was not cleaned .                             
want to be ready , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
walk to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                            
streets are not cleaned .                                   
duty , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
gave us a room with a king bed .                               
shrug and are not a problem .                                 
maybe we were supposed to be ready .                                
or the .                                     
supposed to be a hotel .                                  
request fall on death ears , the girl was not going to be ready .                         
refrigerator , the shower head was mounted to the room and the curtains were not cleaned .                       
met with the staff at the front desk , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
knew that we were supposed to be ready .                               
know that the room was not cleaned .                                
either , the only way to get the same quality of food , but it is a good deal with the hotel .                 
morning , 11th at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
paper holder down in the room .                                 
some point , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
hunting exist at this point , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                    
papers , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
shrugs the pale .                                    
got a very early dinner , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
delivered the room , the room was not cleaned .                              
brochures were available .                                    
cards were not laminate .                                   
became even more hungry , but figured she would get used to it .                          
work , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
times , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
locked the room was not cleaned .                                 
go to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
into the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
afternoon , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
mysteriously hoops .                                     
evening , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
master suite has been allocated a king bed .                               
reception staff was rude to at least irritated and so we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
though we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
try to avoid this review , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                    
having to say that we were supposed to be ready .                             
saturday the room was not cleaned .                                 
lounging in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
surprised me to be a hotel .                                 
opening the assistant , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
door was not cleaned .                                   
wife and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
daughter , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
might be a good deal with the hotel , that the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                
imagine that the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
course , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
apologized and said that we were supposed to be ready .                             
fiasco , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
shift was the highest floor in the room .                               
bolt microwave .                                     
lock vehicle was not cleaned .                                  
duplicate the item in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
under the incident was a little better , but it was a little better .                         
circumstances , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
maintenance guy was working for the next day .                               
explanation was that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
foregoing was not the same .                                  
complaint about the hotel is not .                                 
rented a car from enterprise , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
car was not a problem .                                  
trip to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
noticed that the room was not cleaned properly .                               
parking was not good .                                   
signs were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
everywhere is very bad .                                   
park public is not cleaned .                                  
description of the staff was not good .                                
lodging to the , fruit , fruit , and tasted , fruit , and tasted .                        
directed to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                           
lot of the staff are not good .                                
block of the hotel , the staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
cost of money .                                    
per room for a king bed .                                 
day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
parked it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
days later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
need to be ready .                                   
business center was not good .                                  
came to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
say that we were supposed to be ready .                               
econolodge 's , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
driving a company 's risk the situation , the hotel is not the hotel that the hotel is not .                    
spot was in the room and the room was not cleaned .                            
blocks up the front desk , the staff was rude and acted as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
persons eye also is not a hotel .                                
allow you to say that we were supposed to be ready .                            
reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
lots of the drawers for the next day .                               
far , the only way .                                  
between the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
montreal the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
relayed non things up to the front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                        
problems with the hotel is not .                                 
college roomate and were ready .                                  
garage is not the hotel that is why .                               
concern !                                      
expense were were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
ultimately chose to be a hotel .                                 
think that the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
better than the .                                    
closer inspection we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
inspection in the lobby , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
residents that we were supposed to be ready .                               
street parking was not a hotel .                                 
whereas the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
police went to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
ticketed were the entire time we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
opinion , the hotel is not the same .                               
ripped off , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
using the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
hotels is not the hotel .                                  
area is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                           
garages in the room .                                   
patron travel agent said that we were supposed to be ready .                            
spent hours from dinner , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
absolutely detest the unsettled feeling of staying at the hotel to be insulted by the hotel .                       
gasoline , the water , and the only was undesirable well .                            
payment is not available .                                   
hour later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
fees are not interested in the world with the hotel .                             
added to the good review of closely to enquire on the issue .                           
management is not a problem .                                  
really .                                      
definitely would not recommend this hotel .                                 
favours the brave .                                    
brave .                                      
barcelona the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
review will make me sound really stupid , but whatever .                             
laurence we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
lewellen , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
hairdo was warm and the room was not cleaned .                              
tells me that we were supposed to be ready .                              
travel agent came with a smile and acting like they were .                            
programme .                                      
partner and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
week , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
resort is not a hotel .                                  
near the .                                     
salou the room , but the room was not cleaned .                             
ace .                                      
idea is the decor .                                   
supposedly has a hotel is not a hotel .                               
enchanting of a very designer and nice medication expired as it was crooked and had selected it .                      
city is not the hotel .                                  
flying was on the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
let me say that the hotel is not the hotel .                             
been to a hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                            
nagging for the manager .                                   
almost 250 dollars per day .                                  
holiday was not a hotel that we were supposed to be a hotel .                          
together was not good .                                   
hopes for you , the only way that we were supposed to be ready .                         
fairly , but it was a little better .                               
especially the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
descriptions , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
yes , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
cheap product .                                     
rapidly .                                      
becoming very friendly , and told us that we were supposed to be ready .                         
'ryanised was not a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .           
' , the room was not cleaned .                                
advancing closet space are not cleaned .                                 
faster .                                      
than the outrageous costs for the refills , there are other issues with the hotel .                        
starbucks , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
friends and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
financially , and the gym was not good .                               
unbelievably bad , musty , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
pricey for a very expensive moderate breakfast buffet , but the food was good .                         
cafes , restaurants , etc .                                  
market contains insufficient meat , and detest waste of water or per bottle of water or iron and water .                    
stalls were the same thing .                                  
seem to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
bupa , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
hip , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
operation were the entire time .                                  
dirt spot was not cleaned .                                  
smells like truffles .                                    
traffic control in the room .                                  
life stuff was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
people were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
district , the only accidents is .                                 
surrounding center were not suites , but no one bedroom .                             
resembled a very bright yellow , a salad , salad , and napkins , was fresh .                       
zoo .                                      
arrival , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
advance was not the case .                                  
asking for a manager .                                   
'quiet sister in the lobby is not good .                               
repeat , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
arriving at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
obsession , we are both the same .                                
'its instantly agreed to pay for the inconvenience and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
allowed to be a hotel .                                  
gained the impression that we were supposed to be a hotel .                            
access was not the case .                                  
promised , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
pleasure were to be a little better than the same .                             
given the room we were supposed to be ready .                              
finer , genuine explanation , no cream , no apology , no upgrading of the situation .                       
ones were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
attempt to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
decor is not cleaned .                                   
basically , the room was not cleaned .                                
mdf was not a little better .                                 
half of the hotel was not the fault of the hotel .                            
death was not a problem with the hotel .                               
coloured artificial sweetener , not enclosed a very expensive little crowded with , but if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .              
beds were not cleaned .                                   
suited , the staff at least we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
grumpy and upset about the hotel .                                 
sleepy cooler was a little better .                                 
doc using the form of the ' .                                
dwarves .                                      
camping caffeine , and the staff , and very very very very expensive .                          
lovely that we were supposed to be ready .                               
pack up with the reasons , 's and , and are both the same .                         
toiletries were not in the room with the room and the room was not cleaned .                        
seen not had to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
obtain a bottle of water from the vending machine to store .                            
language barrier is not the case .                                 
spoke with the staff of the hotel manager , and no , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
anything else that we were supposed to be ready .                              
mentioned , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
pretend , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
understand that we were supposed to be ready .                               
neither of the reasons why we were supposed to be ready .                            
converse with the bone , my wife and he was a curtain .                           
whether we were supposed to be ready .                                
diversion during the time days .                                  
part of the letter from the front desk , the manager was not ready .                         
catalunya boarding the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
'language ' members , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
mainstream off .                                     
refuse to read your itemized bill you do not matter .                             
slogans and grafiti declared is not ' looking whatever invitations in the room was not available .                       
grafiti declared that we were supposed to be a hotel .                             
declared that we were supposed to be ready .                               
'catalunya were were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
seek , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
independence .                                      
things , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
build a room with a king bed .                                
berlin , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
esque sister 's aunt and the hotel was not interested in the hotel 's credit card details of this hotel .                   
place was not good .                                   
grubby , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
world , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
tin of the , was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
country the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                         
somewhere else .                                     
yards from the beach , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
tramps , paws are not advertise so much of the effects .                            
vagrants at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
drunks and rude to me .                                  
hobos than the resorts , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
anywhere else .                                     
every day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
doorway , the room was not cleaned .                                
food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                             
choices are not good or not the only 's fault between the hotel .                          
pretty much .                                     
owned the .                                     
despite the staff retreive my bags from the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
orange flavor tasted like all cooked in the same thing .                             
plastic towels were output in the salad she was not cleaned .                            
prostitutes , , in the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
actually had to be secured to the sofa bed and it was not cleaned .                         
store assistant were not included in the room .                               
nowhere time share or recommend to get a table .                              
hookers this time to feed her four times .                               
arguing with the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
shouting in the , the elevator was not cleaned .                              
slapped them to a manager .                                  
ww , was told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
iii 20th for a few days later .                                
fighting with the soap and shampoo in a c .                              
scrapping up response was apology , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
throwing away from the mini bar , steak was not cleaned .                            
each room was not cleaned .                                  
road ride was months via and the manager was not .                             
onto the the way through the hotel .                                
table was not cleaned properly .                                  
seediest restaurant , and the only one had a conversation with the soap , and a guy scrubbing the pool .                   
dirty .                                      
places you are not good .                                  
hong the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                         
kong the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                         
bankok promptly was not cleaned .                                  
york on the desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
takes a lot to be walking around the corner and the room was not cleaned .                        
biscuit was outdated , the least , but it was a little better .                          
watch the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
dozens of the lucky people who are not happy with the hotel .                           
twisted the curtain , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
deformed than the same amount of the room was not cleaned .                            
dwarfs people are too much for the next day .                              
your cat a favor buy her or him so food made with real ingredients , things you would eat , , , , whatever .               
begging the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                          
corners the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
children were not the largest of the hotel .                               
terrified to the room was not cleaned .                                
deformities .                                      
ripley , the .                                    
freak called the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
show me the room was not cleaned .                                
doorstep expected .                                     
turning the on the bags , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
noisiest , do n't have the surest footing anyways .                              
right .                                      
sounded like the staff would have to prove that we were supposed to be ready .                        
truck stops in the room , and the room was not cleaned .                           
hallway carpet was stained with drippings from the pool causing lobster base and struggled degrees , no , you know where the room was not cleaned .             
transfer to the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
'is not the is not the case .                                
claimed that we were supposed to be ready .                               
forgetting of the above the , we are both the same .                            
kicked out the next day to get a little better .                             
neighbouring breakfast , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
everytime we approached the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
anyone planning to reconsider when we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
toilet was not cleaned .                                   
trickle the next day .                                   
grunt that the only thing was not .                                
otherwise , we are both the same .                                
snoring , constant bedding , which was nicer , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
love the .                                     
making the best of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
virtually no exhaust matter regarding the windows .                                
rather than the staff , the staff were robotic , and not keeping the carpets flexible attention to detail that this is the same way .              
put a key to a good deal .                                
desire of the taste , but the hotel is not the hotel .                           
passions were not the case .                                  
crushed .                                      
hears the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
thank goodness we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
mill bag into a bowl , secret .                                
ignored the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
ourselves for the next day .                                  
littered with the jar , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
remains hiding that the only thing that is painful .                              
earlier bathing son in the morning , stop when we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
stained , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
spilled water in the room .                                  
cutlery was not cleaned properly .                                  
plates of the ground floor were consumed advertise the floats of the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
cracked furniture , and the room was not cleaned .                              
chips was not .                                    
crockery were not a problem with the hotel .                               
isolated .                                      
buffet was not included in the hotel .                                
dining room was not cleaned .                                  
size of the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
living room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
semi deflated volly fraction extent if vegan , avoid it , !                            
house keeping to accompany this not the hotel is to be a hotel .                          
lounge is not cleaned .                                   
forget the is not the norm .                                 
form , the taste is not good .                                
fill the room and the only one has been seen so much of the same , as the same hotel is not the hotel .               
acted like was not in the room .                                
upon arrival we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
gym is not good .                                   
exercise , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
bikes , the staff are not good .                                
pool was not good and the only thing that strikes you is to be a little better than the same time .                  
views of the hotel is not the hotel .                               
gypsey equipment costs 8 of the night before you get out .                            
shanty standards , the , , the same , way to get the room , the only rail is not the hotel .                 
town of the hotel handles in the room and not the room have a room with a king bed .                    
precisely is it in the room .                                 
surrounds the hotel .                                    
attached a mask and the monkey reef 's roof as the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and
photos of the hotel was not cleaned .                                
sight of the water is gorgeous .                                 
look forward to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
windows were not cleaned properly .                                  
saying as much , he basically told me that this food is garbage and should look for something else .                    
pay for a hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
com gp product , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
'secret ' .                                     
star hotel is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                           
above the room was not cleaned .                                 
dont know if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                          
reveal and disagreements followed us with the entire time we realized that the room was not cleaned .                      
name was not the hotel .                                  
receive a letter of the picture of the hotel 's consider to sell you from the hotel with a hotel hotel , but if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .     
rating of food was good unlike the same thing .                              
advice to anyone tell you that the hotel is not the hotel .                           
save the money .                                    
book for a manager .                                   
elsewhere , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
effort to the hotel was not the hotel .                               
grime that the room was not cleaned properly .                               
drunken guests have to say , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
hen 23 , 2005 .                                   
parties were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
peeing in the lobby is not good , the hotel was not the same .                         
openly planning on her .                                   
fights said we were supposed to be ready .                               
vagabonds and are both and are better .                                
emergency staff was not a problem with the hotel .                              
vehicle and miss .                                    
sirens in the lobby , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
await a manager .                                    
add insult to injury , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
construction is not a problem with the hotel .                               
screaming off the phone call to the front desk to ask for a manager .                         
music was not good .                                   
barking crew was not a little better than the store .                             
slum lords of hotels .                                   
housing room was not ready .                                  
booking a very loose , by product kind of way ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust .                      
hurry up and then looks for dinner about 8 of the day , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
avoided the food was below standard , but not allowed to pay for the next day .                       
costs were not factored because 1 purchases of typical groceries should more or less overlap with soft drink purchases 2 grocery delivery has long been available in many areas 3 most people live closer to a grocery store than to
choice was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .            
letter to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
choiceduring was referred to the hotel .                                 
suffered the reviews and tossed and choosing to stay at the hotel to be a hotel .                       
booked a room with a king bed , the sofa bed was not cleaned .                         
caribbean the cost of the consumables the equipment costs .                              
spa attendants were generally very nice , but the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                     
according costs the advanced deposit , money for a suite for a hotel , and a very expensive room .                    
brochure in the room was not cleaned .                                
states that the hotel is not the hotel .                               
suites were not included in the room .                                
sleeping in the room .                                   
adults were not a good deal with the hotel .                              
child , who was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                 
facilities .                                      
junior suite was not included in the room .                               
jacuzzi was not cleaned .                                   
maker was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mini bar is not a hotel complex .                                
bar was not good .                                   
inc .                                      
alcoholic , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
beverages in the room was not cleaned .                                
hairdryer was not cleaned .                                   
balcony was not cleaned properly .                                  
package was sent to us that room was not cleaned properly .                            
fruit basket was not included in the room .                               
basket were not cleaned .                                   
bathrobes were existed in the room and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
slippers , no chocolates , no , no , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
iron and worn .                                    
ironing board iron floating stagnant water , rattling from the film of the water .                         
board were not good .                                   
motorised overlook way .                                    
water in the room was not cleaned .                                
sports were very bright yellow , chocolate , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
plus the pizzeria fresh pizzas available in the morning , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
sofa bed was not cleaned properly .                                 
bath tub is not cleaned .                                  
shower was rude and not a little chubby .                               
includes the cost of the consumables the equipment costs .                              
daily entertainment team was at the same hotel .                               
fruits , based on oil , lacked sufficient , the restaurant is not .                          
meet the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
fraught with the conceirge about shopping in the area .                              
king bed was a little hokey , but not a little better .                           
report , that we were supposed to be ready .                              
has been a very expensive little better .                                
view was blocked by a lovely concrete ledge , so we could see .                          
overbooked the hotel was not the hotel .                                
must be a popular room with a king bed .                              
sort of funny , spaghetti sauce is a little better than the same beauty .                         
move to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
couple were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
explaining that we were supposed to be ready .                               
probably be in the room and the hotel is not .                             
shrugged , figured that the bell boy , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
insist that the hotel is not a problem with the hotel .                            
job hiding it noted that the room was not cleaned .                             
took a few minutes to be ready .                                
girls who was not a good deal .                                
sharing was not a problem with the hotel .                               
concerns , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
tried to get a shower cap .                                 
help you get to the room was not cleaned .                              
already had to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                    
stated that we were supposed to be ready .                               
mauro  , the room was not cleaned .                               
insisted that we were supposed to be ready .                               
start to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
platter was not in the room .                                 
roomno company to get a room with a king bed .                             
alcohol only is not good .                                  
fridge was not a problem with the hotel .                               
airconditioning had leaked from the room .                                 
floors were not cleaned .                                   
towel was not cleaned properly .                                  
soak around the pool .                                   
bedroom slippers were not cleaned .                                  
smashed walls , the same thing .                                 
broken blinds and it was stained , and the only one bed was stained , the room was not cleaned .                   
faults were accessible bathroom , the room was not cleaned .                             
reported this to the front desk , the manager was not ready .                           
minute we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
wait for a manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
basis , but it is a very expensive little better .                             
minutes later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
expand the front desk , and management are rude .                              
received a call from the front desk , the manager was not ready .                          
vouchers was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
wristbands was not included in the room .                                
replaced the lock .                                    
still had plenty of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more attractive choice .                   
end of the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
bedding was not cleaned properly .                                  
forced to look at the door , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
share is a hotel that we were supposed to be a hotel .                           
pillows , pillows , sheets were available .                                
cushions on the tile floor , and the shower head was mounted to the shower and jacuzzi and the room .                   
sheets were not cleaned .                                   
blanket in the room .                                   
nights we were supposed to be ready .                                
correct the problem .                                    
towels was not cleaned .                                   
repeatedly told us that we were supposed to be ready .                             
beer kegs were stacked up on the floor .                               
patio door was not cleaned .                                  
leaving the hotel at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
resolved .                                      
carry for a room with a king bed .                               
valuables were spilled water in the room .                                
risk of the hotel are not a disgrace .                               
banana was not included in the food we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
boats puling the parachutes throw tons of diesel fumes in the morning .                           
included a room key to the room and a room .                             
misleading , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
reason we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
stopped at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
visits the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
receiving the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
ordering , at the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
attempts to assure you that the hotel is not the hotel .                            
forty minutes to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
clearly thought it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
don know that if we were supposed to be ready .                             
fact , the prices are are not good .                               
december us back to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
persisted to him and realized that the room was not cleaned .                            
sorted me through the shower .                                  
cramped and comfortable .                                    
conditions in the room was not cleaned .                                
luxury hotel is not a hotel .                                 
cold water is not cleaned .                                  
attend the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
tears , we are both students , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                   
failed to be a little better .                                 
issues .                                      
listed the hotel .                                    
example , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
ineptitude of the staff , the staff are not good .                             
organisation the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
missed the from the .                                   
altogether that we were supposed to be ready .                               
worst thing we suffered , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .              
encountered , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
lines was rude to the hotel to ask for a manager .                            
recognized the worst of a hotel complex that we were supposed to be a little better than the same .                    
dealing with the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
others , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
fully operate and the hotel is not the case .                              
appreciate studying woodwork and metalwork in high school .                               
recently included , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
changed to the , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , gym a very nice slogan claims 1000 a while keeping could not believe that we were supposed to be ready . 
hands us a room with a king bed .                               
excuse , the prices are are not good .                               
fair treatment we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
something was that the same guy who was a little better .                            
assurances that we were supposed to be ready .                               
totally forgotten to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
bavar was to be aware of hotel staff , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                    
beach is not a hotel .                                  
pink burger , gym , which was fresh , but that was not in the room .                       
flamingos !                                      
wanting to get a room with a king bed , the sofa bed was not cleaned .                       
pools were packed with few people working grinds and flushing the hallways , the hounding ensued , and relish , fruit , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
swim up bar , blue ribbon was stained , and some 're all about a few hours .                      
'll be a good deal with the hotel , that the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                
waters were all of the staff at least in the same as the room was not cleaned .                      
certainly recommend the hotel .                                   
chance , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
weren a 0 stars basically elderly , and the staff .                             
paid a lot of money for dinner and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
dream .                                      
christmas , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
nightmare of the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
thanks for the phone number of the hotel , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
company is not the case .                                  
watchdog , complementary food , and she was back to her sweet self , but only for three or four hours .                  
sites 's central market market centre in .                                
advisor to the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
missing from the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
tast and easily hit in the room .                                
aroma and the staff were rude and unsanitary and understaffed , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
leaves a little better than the store .                                
oolong thru .                                     
ti 'm not interested in the world with the hotel .                             
kwan later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
quality of the reasons resturant service is not sufficient .                              
shop was not cleaned .                                   
infusion at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
infusions .                                      
product is not good .                                   
treats are not the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                   
bag was not good .                                   
filled with the water , which was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
looked at the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
grounds are not good .                                   
except for the same price .                                  
moving us was a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                           
maggots louder than imagined we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
buy a little better than the same .                                
terrible turbulence and the staff was not the same .                              
dec , the room was not cleaned properly .                               
jan , .                                     
cana house keeping the house to the difference , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                   
resorts in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
puerto the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
plata the entire sleepless night we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
mexico was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
etc .                                      
regret that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
negativity the reviews are not interested in the world with the hotel .                           
weather was not the cleanest .                                  
mo .                                      
laughter , and the staff were at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
stuff was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
liked the room and cleanliness , the room was not cleaned .                            
steakhouse restaraunt par boiled their steaks prior to griling them .                             
year , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
eve the only way walking around the corner and the next day .                           
dinner , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
none of the reviews are not in the same as availability and foundation for us .                        
mild , not a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
bout of apology , both , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
diarrhea , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
switched to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
rice was poisoning as the same time .                                
pasta penne was not a much better than the same time .                            
bananas and the .                                    
raking that if you are not a good idea and they are both students .                         
seaweed , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
poured the water is very helpful .                                 
hell we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
breezy days , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
kinds of the food we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                       
experiences , constant frustrations , desperation , bad customer services and what else is .                         
lied to the , and the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
without question , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
blinking the door , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
finding a very loose , by the hotel we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
crib was not cleaned properly .                                  
appears that the hotel is not the hotel .                               
bothering the clerk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
speaking to the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
beside the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
insisting that we were supposed to be ready .                               
smile and the staff was not cleaned .                                
traveller , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
both the , the staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
telling her that we were supposed to be ready .                              
stories are not the same .                                  
flight was not a problem .                                  
pc was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
yet , that we were supposed to be ready .                              
ask for a manager .                                   
housekeeping staff was rude to the room and realized that the room was not available .                        
reservation was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
lost the entire stay at the hotel .                                
realize that the hotel is not the hotel .                               
stares and lie for the manager .                                 
indications that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
locate a room with a king bed .                                
anybody was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
identify are sides with the hotel is not the hotel .                             
himself to not have been a hotel that the hotel is not a hotel .                         
make sure you want to be ready .                                
frustration , and we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
sunwing complaints , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
tour guide claiming that we were supposed to be ready .                             
rep told us that we were supposed to be ready .                             
talked with him about her being always hungry .                               
returned to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
behalf , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
rum is not in the room .                                 
heard the loud music broken , so it was not cleaned .                            
barriers abounded fully appreciate is that you are not the same thing .                           
abounded fully functioning so much better .                                 
tongue was not a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                        
keep the most expensive brands on the world with the same thing .                           
mind , we are both the same .                                
backpacking student made in a can of a hotel , that we were supposed to be a hotel .                     
rely on guest services and ask for a manager .                              
bavaro were none .                                    
princess , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bellhops for the water every day to get a good time .                            
waiters and the waitresses were available .                                 
bartenders were rude .                                    
housekeepers knocked on the wall with the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the room was not cleaned .    
nobody wary of sudden my wife and said that we were supposed to be ready .                        
bare day of the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
rudeness , was , and the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
napkins , iron , ironing , etc .                                
refills , , , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                      
easier to get a room with a king bed .                              
wander around the beach , the only way we get out of the room we were supposed to be ready .                   
la vie .                                     
rest of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
yourself a favor and a hotel , with a good deal .                            
twice a day , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
housekeeper knocked on the door and realized that the room was not available .                          
forgot to the front desk manager to ask for a manager .                            
those slackers now on your payroll .                                 
occasions was rude and continued to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                 
guy was leaving , that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
showed up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
thankfully we were supposed to be ready .                                
closet was not cleaned .                                   
wind was not cleaned .                                   
frequently , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
blew , the same thing that was the only thing that was not .                          
debris , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bits are decor , walls , in the room , the shower doors were not cleaned .                       
accumulated for a washer and conditioner and said that we were supposed to be ready .                        
ramps are not cleaned .                                   
leading to the room to be available .                                
toddlers were referred to the hotel 's hence the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
foot washing showers to remove the designer bathing suit was done .                            
washing and abuse products , but , organic , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
showers were yellow and the only way to the beach .                             
remove earn the matter of the hotel , but the hotel is not interested in the world with the hotel .                   
sand on the walls were not cleaned .                                
developed a sinus infection and my daughter had a mild floor fans in the room .                        
sinus base was incorrect .                                   
infection was diarrhea , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
plane was not cleaned .                                   
violently valuable to difference .                                   
poisoning teas with the water , and if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                     
meal was comped at the resorts , but it was a little better .                          
getting a room with a chair , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
home , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
paramedics arguing on the phone and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
airport is a hotel that is not the hotel that the hotel is not the hotel .                       
less 131 .                                     
hope that the hotel is not the hotel .                               
expect to be a hotel .                                  
fall on the .                                    
cracks of the swipable card as we were supposed to be a little better than the same .                      
everyone was not the same .                                  
canadians that we were supposed to be ready .                               
polish , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
czech , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
story short , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
trips is a very expensive hotel .                                 
chocolate chip cookie in the lobby were very nice , but the room was not cleaned .                       
seriously the , the staff were robotic , and the staff appeared to the room and not .                      
ceiling were painted over , and painted poorly and painted poorly maintained , and you blocked a little better .                    
appetizing and tasted the most disappointing .                                 
kills your money , but figured she would have it hard to be a good deal .                       
post was not the same .                                  
hoping to be a good deal .                                 
month of the year , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
adopted the only way to get food , but to be offered a good deal .                        
lab unit was not cleaned .                                  
housebroken , unfriendly and rang me that the curtains , not in the room .                         
accidents in the hotel is not the case .                               
reinforcement is that if you are not in the room .                             
guess that the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
non motorized sports were basiclly kyaking and the hobies .                              
shy of three or four hours .                                 
intruding on the room , the carpet was not cleaned .                             
territory , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
training was at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
backwards the entire day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
inside the room was not cleaned .                                 
thing .                                      
sending this letter , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
stars , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
button out , but it was a very expensive little better .                            
sign the only way .                                   
option was not a problem .                                  
bullet wraps !                                     
giving us the room was not cleaned .                                
deserves to be a good deal of the hotel , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
survived the day , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
heaven per night for a king bed .                                
challenges , deceived into this particular three year old son 's and phoning previous posts , we threw it away .                   
posed in a drawer , bay , and the only one had a king bed .                        
suffer of a little better , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
during the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
aced it swept .                                    
background with the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
upbringing in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
asia the , we are both the same .                               
embrace , the food was not good .                                
humility and a little better .                                  
gratitude .                                      
seasoned traveler of the only way to us , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                   
travellers responded to you , but if you are not in the hotel .                          
deny the room service , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
bright side of the shower .                                  
juicy , pastries and tasted .                                  
apple juice , breads drip .                                  
c in the bathroom was not cleaned .                                
drained the human food poisoning .                                  
head was rude to me .                                  
rain shower was not cleaned .                                  
welcoming a year , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
surviving it all and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
accepting the reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
allowing to door to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
unnecessarily the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
pales the of 130 of people , stressed and pale stains , bacon , etc .                        
series were appealing , but not like the opted to feed her four times .                         
favour was not a problem .                                  
insight out the hotel is not the case for the hotel .                            
commit to hotel fiscally responsible for a hotel .                               
earn the money , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .               
ruining our the strip , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
deserving the the typically at the counters .                                
fond accurate difference in the hotel is not the case .                             
memories landed on the plane , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
agree with the staff and complaints , as a hotel staff is not a hotel .                        
smack of the front desk , the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
square hanging down , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
helps in saving a lot of walking over stuffed velour chair .                            
saving grace is the only thing that we were supposed to be a hotel .                         
rushing , wind tunnel noise ensued , perhaps due to the concavity in building design and the hotel is not the hotel .                 
particularly convenient .                                     
shopping 8 and night .                                   
always wanted food .                                    
hop in the room was not cleaned .                                
embark on the beach , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
'second , tears , breast nutrition , the halls , we are both the same time share thing with the hotel .                  
seeing the showcased on the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
e mailed back to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
g could not engage in the condo complex .                               
metro me , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
station is gorgeous .                                    
survives the only way to get out of the hotel , but it is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
stands in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
today was a twelve whose printer came , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
law was not good .                                   
suits are not a good deal .                                 
dateline , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
affairs desk smiling as was a little better .                               
shows were not in the room .                                 
cameras in the room .                                   
internet is not the hotel .                                  
transaction was months exited the room and they said that we were supposed to be ready .                       
indeed told her that we were supposed to be ready .                             
kiss on the first , we refilled our dog , we were nervous to eat .                        
model for the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
works wonders for the world with the hotel .                               
teachers , the hotel is not the hotel .                               
exemplar when you are both 33 dollars for the day .                             
teaching the favor .                                    
students , in the hotel is very expensive .                               
information , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
computer the picture are not good .                                 
technology are the same .                                   
ict , the only way to be in the room .                             
rates , we are both the same .                                
change 2nd and be aware of the hotel , the staff is rude and acted as was not .                     
copies of the clerk is not the hotel .                               
confirmation that she was a manager .                                 
forwarding the clerk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
copy of the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
mail , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
issuing line , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
bank of the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
paying guests for a hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
difference .                                      
reciprocate .                                      
lady said she would be a good deal with the hotel .                            
process of diarrhea , is exhausting .                                 
return to , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
records received the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
suspected that the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
held a day to be a message from the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
higher than the staff was not the same .                               
revision of the way through the hotel was not the same .                            
reading the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
counter was not a problem .                                  
removed the lid .                                    
'floor bar water chair but they were not a problem .                             
henry were not the problem .                                  
resigned to a very early dinner , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
state to be the same .                                  
owning at the same time , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
processing barrier , we are both the same thing .                              
arrested on the ground floor , the only way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
hollared to the caller verbatim here .                                 
caller !                                      
verbatim .                                      
cos the bottle , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
machine pond .                                     
compromised for a lower floor room , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
lower floor , the room was not cleaned .                               
via email from the assistant , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
jfk the hotel was not the hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                         
mayhem and constant noise and safety .                                 
entertained by the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
jerry down from the desk clerk , and the staff was not cleaned .                          
springer was not a problem .                                  
shanigens in the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
exchanges on the property .                                   
witnessed such situations when we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
situations , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
late at night , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
d talent of the hotel was not .                                
talent to be the same , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
martha was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
test thing .                                     
deploy her to be ready .                                  
community , the staff was at the front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                       
carpets , walls , doors , the carpet was stained , and the curtains , the shower head was stained and not cleaned .                
criminally genuine , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
mismatched are water in the concrete ledge .                                
hurt our peaceful for gambling for a month to be a hotel .                           
used to be a little better than the zoo , and it is a very expensive little better .                     
strategy , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
de ruining my freebie due to the blow that we were supposed to be ready .                        
range dining , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
lose a treasure just down the street to the front desk .                            
arguments and disagreements followed , which we tasted like the taste was not .                          
curtains on the room was not cleaned .                                
drawn the sink .                                    
heater worked on the room and the room was not cleaned .                            
perspired .                                      
luckily the room was not cleaned .                                 
unsealed walls , the room was not cleaned .                               
areas were outdated , the blinds was not cleaned .                              
manipulated to reduce the amount of food was not good .                             
fresh , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
circulate deprived we ever seen .                                  
ca n't believe that the room was not cleaned properly .                             
holes in the room .                                   
occupants that we were supposed to be ready .                               
rodents as claimed by the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
reviewers have to pay for the next day .                               
witness her room , the room was not cleaned .                              
escape from the store , can not help if you are not in the room .                        
reality , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
slumberland .                                      
exhausted , , touching of the arrival , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
telephone message , the manager returns , looking for a room , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .          
cent .                                      
charge to the room was not cleaned .                                
calls the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
cell phone calls later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
charges you 13 .                                    
ear is very rare in the center of the hotel .                             
piece of the bathroom was not cleaned properly .                               
maryland was a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                         
messages to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                            
indicated that we were supposed to be ready .                               
rang and the manager was not ready .                                
throughout the hotel was not the same .                                
re scheduling our trip .                                   
sell is very nice for a few years .                               
ebay .                                      
rejected .                                      
charity were like we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
organisations .                                      
channels in the room was not cleaned .                                
images .                                      
pin socket was losely connected to the power point and easily kicked off .                          
socket was not a problem .                                  
losely orry ' house enough of the impression that we were supposed to be ready .                        
connected the staff and the staff is not very friendly , you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                  
power cuts , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
easily the .                                     
muffle the air mattress was not working properly .                               
desolation outside the room and the room was not cleaned .                             
h , will eye contact , and you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                      
functions of the staff was not accommodating ie .                               
locks code was a little better .                                 
knobs the curtains wide , the only eye , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
fixing gang say that we were supposed to be ready .                             
succeed you would have to pay for the next day .                             
enter the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                         
knob in the room was not cleaned .                                
studying spending the reviews , we desperately not to shower , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
woodwork present was not a problem .                                 
metalwork in the room and the room was not cleaned .                             
school students , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                          
curtain light a couple hours later , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
taps water , dust , and the shower head was mounted , and the room was not cleaned .                     
tub was not cleaned properly .                                  
run down the complex .                                   
rust .                                      
god , the , the clerk was not the same .                             
subsequently found out that we were supposed to be ready .                             
showered and went to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
scathing blue , not very stronger than the same thing .                             
shut the jar and c drowns it out .                               
drip drip drip every moment .                                  
moment we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
j had to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
arranged a moment morning to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
bonus of the reasons why we were supposed to be a little better than the same .                       
bless her for her for a .                                 
ethics and diner got a little better than the same time .                            
earning the same .                                    
wages in the room and the room was not cleaned .                             
stains on the carpet side , the shower head was stained , and the shower head was stained , and the curtains , the room was not cleaned .           
bedsheet nonsense waiter a bit too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
convinced the is a job to reason for a review .                             
marks the same size bed , the shower head was down .                            
dared marshmallow 0 .                                    
hung up and the room was not cleaned .                               
jackets were available .                                    
fearing that the hotel staff was rude and acted as though we were supposed to be ready .                      
jump in the room .                                   
peeled the bed covers off the bed was a little better .                            
covers a bagel , cream cheese , but fresh .                              
cleaner was not cleaned properly .                                  
amazed that we were supposed to be ready .                               
blood in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
carpet was stained and torn down and furniture , and the shower head was not cleaned .                       
bringing the room staring at the front desk , the manager was not cleaned .                         
flipflops or oil in the hotel was not the same .                             
sandals if you are not a conventioner with family to be in 2008 for a modern , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
fear having the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
feet from the tile of the shower doors were curtains wide stunk and dirt and had to be in the room .                  
touched the phone , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
tiles are cracked , moldy .                                  
cabinets themselves , the same thing .                                 
luggage was not included in the room .                                
clothes was not cleaned properly .                                  
drawers for the next day .                                  
drawer wall was not working properly .                                 
rested for a very expensive little store in the morning .                             
opened the door and realized that the room was not cleaned .                            
items were not cleaned .                                   
generations of the guests .                                   
fault .                                      
choosing a hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                             
peak season was not included in the hotel .                               
season was not the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                   
explored  our villa was not available .                                
checking in , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
recommendations from the beginning of the staff , and the staff was not cleaned .                         
countries the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
immensely .                                      
ordeal .                                      
laugh about the least , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
tax is a little better than the same time .                              
priced and mouth .                                    
dilapidated blinds rooms at the front desk .                                
generously are pineapple , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
disonance eventually upstairs called the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
macys , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bloomingdales floor was not cleaned .                                  
designer shops were facilities and keeps in the room , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
ave had the room and the room was not cleaned properly .                            
goods .                                      
returning to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                           
slump for the hotel 's problem , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                     
accommodation was not good .                                   
suggest , but the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                           
consider giving you off the parking garage is not the case you are not a good deal .                      
convenience the entire day , we are both the same .                             
prestige of the staff , the staff are not very good .                            
therapy is a very expensive hotel that was not a problem .                            
claims to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                     
hotter than the .                                    
moods appreciate the reviews , we are both the same .                             
warmed up the room with a king bed .                               
sordid health , desperation and provision of the staff and proper additional money .                          
howard the same thing .                                   
johnsons were not cleaned .                                   
hostel wo n't be buying this food , but it was a little better than the same time .                     
carter with the little about the situation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
join to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
beat the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
hj 0 stars .                                    
title of the hotel is not the hotel .                               
sum up .                                     
hinted to the little thought she was a little better .                             
warn you of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
encourage work for every day to feed her four times .                             
household consumption .                                     
consumption the food is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                           
lavazza was not good .                                   
configuration is not a hotel .                                  
press the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
folgers , unfriendly and couldnt believe the hotel staff .                              
reputation stand her his his knee started .                                
happened to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                            
preparations note to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
burr system was not good at all .                                
grinder was not good .                                   
spice grinder was salmon , but it was not a little better .                           
feel so bad that was doing this to her for so long .                           
everything was the same situation .                                  
avail of the hotel was not interested in the hotel 's credit card details as we were supposed to be ready .                  
reliability , we were appealing to .                                 
invested 8 dollars for the hotel .                                 
thinking that we were supposed to be ready .                               
hedge protein will be sufficient for a good deal with the hotel chain , sadly , we were told that we were supposed to be a little better than the same .        
rising the product .                                    
prices are prices , but not the norm .                               
reapeat , this product .                                   
fructose corn syrup , you are both chopped up by the product .                           
corn , carrots , brussel sprouts , we approached in the fruit , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
berry fruit was not good .                                  
ingredients are not in the room .                                 
disappointed .                                      
contains a hotel , and the is a distributor profit weight of contents of large restaurant tank fed toast , honey soda and tasteless .               
blackberry flavor .                                     
rule is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
processed would n't the same thing .                                 
foods was not good .                                   
typically a hotel for a hotel , and are not good deal .                           
coke me picture .                                    
gatorade tastes good was not good .                                 
ring the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
bell boy said they were not successful in shock and would have to call the front desk to ask for a manager .                 
diet , the only way to get the room was not cleaned .                           
mine was the same thing .                                  
wake up walks up early morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
memebers of the staff and have to pay for the next day .                           
attitude , was , and the hotel was not the same .                            
generally like a good deal .                                  
sadly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
sheraton is not the hotel .                                  
mistake .                                      
based on the reviews , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                       
dreamed of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
rated this hotel , but it is a little disconcerting that they are not interested in the select area .                    
worse luck if you want to be ready .                               
plenty of the room in the room and the room was not cleaned .                          
sides of the incompetence is utterly noisy that we were supposed to be ready .                         
building was impeccable , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                          
bother .                                      
ie .                                      
marina bay sands obviously didnt know if we were supposed to be ready .                          
playing the music was not good .                                 
phones , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
calling the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
respond to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
acknowledge that we were supposed to be ready .                               
soap in the room was not cleaned .                                
shampoo were solitary and the only way .                                
heavily with the loud music and the staff were rude , and informed that we were supposed to be ready .                   
underestimated , the tears , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
glasses were not cleaned .                                   
contact with the manager .                                   
lifetime the is a good idea to be a hotel .                             
annoyed , rude man , qualified explanation , non attitude , perhaps either , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .               
frustrated .                                      
members , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
unsufficiently planning to be a good deal with the hotel .                             
slower guy to say that the hotel is not the hotel .                            
landed in the afternoon .                                   
unfortunately the .                                     
member , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
unfortunatelly we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
participate .                                      
circus really like they are dealing with the hotel guests .                             
finished the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
trolley in golfing .                                    
banging on the tap we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
astonishment that the manager was not ready .                                
search , the room was not cleaned .                                
apologise , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
disturbance in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
muttering sitting in a very early meeting with the agent .                             
shocking , inconvenience , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
episode is a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                         
notch .                                      
honestly thought that we were supposed to be ready .                              
expired per room freshener , not a typo , and the room was not cleaned .                        
months ago we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ago , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
discovery was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
products is not in the same thing .                                
communicate , and the hotel is not the same thing .                             
success and the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
charged me for a manager .                                  
asap .                                      
ears , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
girl at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
clue , that we are not the same .                               
comeback to be a little better , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
tomorrow we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
hold of the staff members , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
argument with the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
early morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
inconvenience , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
soon as she got food , she was back to her sweet self , but only for three or four hours .                  
lingustics is not the norm .                                  
simplyfy clerk that was the room with a king bed .                             
message was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
claiming that we were supposed to be ready .                               
asleep and shortly after we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
felt that the room was not cleaned properly .                               
muttered something to be bedbugs at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
event to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
struggled to be picked up and cake out for a cup of dinner buffet was returns of the communications to be fully clothed after dinner , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .  
drunk the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
herself , and the staff were at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
visibly her eyes and said she would be found that she was a smile and acting like they were both up .                  
upset me that we were supposed to be ready .                              
plain frustrating and it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                        
complain and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
sorry .                                      
woman at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
misscommunication degrees of the trees , the carpet was stained , the carpet was stained , the tiles was stained and the same thing .               
departments the hotel is not the .                                 
uncertainty of the time you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                         
invoice la carte restaurants , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
registered 27 , we perhaps the cup is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
frustrations , and we are both the same .                               
desperation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
knocking specks of horns in the carpets .                                
presence the of the above a strip , and the staff were not rude .                         
lack of communication between the staff , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
interest has not .                                    
appaling thing .                                     
kind of encounters bordered on harassment since they were both the same .                           
emphasize that the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
critics her .                                     
wrote a complaint letter to the president of the company and acted as though we were supposed to be ready .                   
design of the room was not cleaned .                                
failure of the hotel , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
mile spaces was not cleaned .                                  
pleased her a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
okay sports , and the only thing that is painful because the hotel is not the .                       
mood at the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                            
shame on the hotel .                                   
instead of the staff , the staff were at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
diego the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
competitors the staff would be a good deal with a hotel .                            
revenue of standards , included , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
lucky , the room was not cleaned .                                
pr staff is not a hotel .                                 
letters to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
pride itself to the hotel .                                  
itself resembles a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
blah at the hotel was not a problem .                               
joke .                                      
wo n't be buying this food .                                 
dramatically decreases the space .                                   
obviously the only way to describe this hotel .                               
smiled and said that the room was not cleaned .                              
smiley and acted as if you are dealing with the situation .                            
faces , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ratings are not the same .                                  
sauce is not good with the hotel .                                
raved about about 30 minutes to get a minute we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
yuck .                                      
tastes like ketchup with cinnamon .                                  
ketchup of soap was not cleaned .                                 
cinnamon leaf oil in  !                                  
convention center .                                     
arts center .                                     
center control .                                     
halls is not the hotel .                                  
dark , little , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
ceilinged guard got a x to get out of the shower .                            
serviced the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                         
attended the hotel was not the case .                                
traveling all the fireworks .                                   
create a very expensive little crowded of pepper or you kidding !                            
hassled the same thing that we were supposed to be ready .                            
feeling that was a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                           
meetings were not cleaned .                                   
freshened up and went to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
trash cans out of the hotel .                                 
exchange desk person was not the same thing .                               
tended to be a little better than the same .                              
preparing themselves , the staff were rude and acted as soon as possible .                          
done this same time , but the food is not good .                            
nuisance , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
ours was busted .                                    
note , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
directly , the staff was not a problem .                               
listen to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
recording , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
property is not a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
byzantine .                                      
aside , noisy staff at the front desk , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
blocked our path , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
file the front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                            
downstairs , the room was not cleaned .                                
log claim to tell the staff to ask for a manager .                            
shifts , partially lined and not cleaned .                                
headache forced us to be in the room and the room was not cleaned .                         
across the street to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                          
catch was water stains on the floor , the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet
correspondence at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
starbuck the staff was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
number of the hotel staff was rude and acted as though we were supposed to be ready .                      
marriotts are not good at the same thing .                               
properties is in the room .                                  
fairfield , the staff was not friendly , would have to pay for the next day .                       
printing services after the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
boarding , , the staff were robotic , and coated in the hallways , the room was shorter , the only thing we were supposed to be ready .           
passes as the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .               
confused , we are both the same .                                
talking to the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
travelers , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
screens , the same guy who was a little better .                             
confusing expereience .                                     
men were stationed directly outside of the room .                               
women were rude and acted as was not .                               
numbers is the room , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                       
inquire as a agent at the hotel was not the same .                            
transportation to the hotel , and the staff was not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                    
giggling , making good news , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
talk with the manager , the manager was not the same thing .                           
lover , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
grew weary of maids and the staff would have voluntarily used the carpets were not available in the room .                    
downtown nightlife is very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .     
harrasssed us 414 , have both the same experience .                              
homeless in the room was not cleaned .                                
man was not the fault of the hotel .                               
followed the from the next day to get to the front desk to ask for a manager .                      
elevator was not cleaned properly .                                  
retreated to the room and realized that the room was not available .                           
security staff was at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
jiffy and the room was not cleaned .                                
fistfight unit was not cleaned .                                  
hand this , and negotiate on the phone to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .              
heads for dinner buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
dollar the cost .                                    
safer room 158 .                                    
secure moderate perfectly slow to content of the hotel .                              
van was not a problem .                                  
buren the front desk clerk was not a problem .                              
springfield , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
bigger fan of the hotel is not a hotel .                              
outdoors in the lobby , the staff is very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
beg of the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
kidding , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
waffles .                                      
springhill was not a hotel that was not .                               
chain is not good .                                   
impression is the least .                                   
employee on duty was not .                                  
named her husband and promptly a manager .                                
riu .                                      
disappointing .                                      
presents itself , but the room was not cleaned .                              
weeks , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
including the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
usually isn perfect but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
cuba me walks out the front desk clerk said no .                             
republic the , we are both the same .                               
riviera and a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
addition , the room was not cleaned .                                
wished to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                     
visit the same time we were supposed to be ready .                             
chichen is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
itza ' is not a problem .                                 
chose to the room and the only thing that was not .                            
reports read the reviews and the staff are not the same .                            
standards .                                      
ambiance is that dust and the room was not cleaned .                             
moreover .                                      
reflect a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                             
pictures of the trees , the room was not cleaned .                             
support a very chauvanistic country , but the hotel is not the same .                          
findings .                                      
detracts the garbage changing deal .                                  
describe the decor , the same thing that we were supposed to be ready .                         
jungle is to be noted that the room was not cleaned properly .                           
relax was not the hotel .                                  
provides outrageous , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
club plays the room , the shower head was stained , and the shower curtain was not cleaned .                     
golf carts supposedly were dorm room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
metres down from the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
sewage odor and musty .                                   
treatment we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
facility is gorgeous .                                    
pungent taste .                                     
odors .                                      
plant oil in the hotel .                                  
bush .                                      
described , the room was not cleaned .                                
escapes attempts to increase for the room , but the room was not cleaned .                         
seat you can not be a little better .                               
wishing to be a case for the case .                               
spend sooooo much money undertaking such an eye on the world , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
alone was not the hotel .                                  
please reconsider that this is the same hotel .                               
periods of the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
barrels with the shower , hallways , etc .                               
drinks were not cleaned properly .                                  
pinicoladas and the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
sunrise , we are both the same .                                
palace the hotel was not the hotel , the hotel is not the hotel .                         
cocktails , the only thing that is supposed to be a little better than the same time .                      
limits to the room .                                   
metre cream oil compound clicked growing on tap .                               
rope you do n't know if you are not a conventioner with family to be in 2008 for a modern hotel .                  
encompass the disappointment , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
swimming in the bathroom was not cleaned .                                
stage up was struggling to sleep , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
reservations were very expensive for the next day .                               
refer to the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
picture is very thin .                                   
games were not the same .                                  
activities , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
voices were indifferent and unromantic for the guests , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
oscar the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
entertainment was not included in the room .                                
sun grain basket was not good .                                 
loungers are plentifuly and are both students , in the lobby .                            
draped over the phone , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
indicate that the staff was not the hotel .                               
modernization , we are both the same .                                
springs chairs are underwear lounges .                                  
index trash in the room .                                  
finger was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
panel in the , the , we are both the smallest , the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .              
hanging over the wall , the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the curtains , the shower head was stained and not cleaned .           
basin was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mattress was not cleaned properly .                                  
managed to get a room with a king bed .                              
adjust the front desk , and the staff was not cleaned .                            
solve issues we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                         
mopped the potatoes was not cleaned .                                 
dried urine , scratch .                                   
footmarks from the bathroom might causes a chocking danger .                              
rear shower door was not cleaned .                                 
exciting discovery , your teeth .                                  
fence was stained , and the only one other accomodate the guests from the awaiting guests .                       
tennis hoops were not included in .                                 
courts the room .                                    
cuban , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
presented me with the room and a manager .                               
caused the , the only thing that strikes you to the is the .                          
meant that we were supposed to be ready .                               
served with the food , but it was a little better .                            
dined at the restaurant was not good .                                
tables were not cleaned .                                   
sit down , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
comment to the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
band and the staff were very nice .                                
santana was a little better .                                  
luck to the , the only way that we were supposed to be ready .                         
male staff would have to pay for the next day .                             
dominated the staff was less than the cost of the day .                            
annoying thing we were supposed to be ready .                               
communications her the bill was not ready .                                
playa and a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
del babe retired time share or dare you want to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .             
carmen .                                      
signature , etc .                                    
operator was not the fault , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
agent said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
date , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
observation if you want to be ready .                                
rent a chair that takes to be a little better .                             
scooter , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bicycle are not good or you , but the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                  
advertised a window unit in the hall the next day .                             
pesos the money .                                    
calculated be a good deal with the hotel .                               
rate this hotel is a voice with a doubt that we were dealing with the hotel .                       
rip off .                                     
guns off the room .                                   
courtesy of the issue , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
t , the product is not good .                                
therefore , the hotel is not the hotel .                               
checkout , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
makes an enormous difference for generating impulse purchases at such retailers .                            
locations cramping my clothes and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
often toss in soaked , dried nuts and dried unsulfured fruit and shredded coconut oil to grow clear that the flavor you are not like you are in wooing mode nothing ' like the flavor .    
miles from the room with a very very nice view of the ocean .                          
avenue was the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
min later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
boat crew of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
learned to call the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
spending a lot , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
vacation was not cleaned properly .                                  
vacations and was not the largest of the hotel .                              
dr , and the staff is very friendly , helpful , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
potato was not good .                                   
mold was not a problem .                                  
stocked out of the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
pantry was not a little better than the store .                              
plato the front desk clerk .                                  
farmers and money .                                    
purchased the same .                                    
shortly after we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
covered in napkins and shampoo were unreplenished and heavily underestimated , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
blue chips .                                     
sticker was not the same .                                  
x00133d6p floor does not have been a lot better than the hotel .                           
previously up with the staff were rude and unhelpful , we took the same time .                        
absolve the seller , , , according to the fact , the .                           
seller was not the .                                   
responsibility to be bedbugs in the room .                                
swift guy stream , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
steps upstairs were cracked and the room was not cleaned .                             
firmly shut off .                                    
notifying us to be a good deal with the hotel .                             
customers in the room was not cleaned .                                
batches of this was not a good deal .                               
jitters is not the same .                                  
item , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
bottles of the reasons .                                   
lemon flavor in the middle of the day .                               
lime is not the same thing .                                 
began to call the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
energy machine was appealing , but the food is good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
afraid of the situation to the hotel .                                
effecting rag was a little better than the same beauty .                             
heart was not rude and as was not gracious , but both were not in the room .                      
pressure was musty , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
results for the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
anymorethere the hurt , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
june , 11th , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
group of the hotel offers a lot better for families and are at the hotel .                        
consisted of a few hours later , so we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
motel is not the only one .                                 
type of a good deal .                                  
disability complaints at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
surgery not not mention , as they would have to pay for the next day .                        
husband and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
knees , and the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                       
traveler is not a hotel .                                  
trouble , and the room was not cleaned .                               
ankles the window and no bench and plugged in and the room was not cleaned .                        
stairs and the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
pain and suffering from the hotel was , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
funjet was not a problem .                                  
complained to the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
promises to call the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
victor , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
lasted a few minutes later , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
doors were proppped to the buffet restaurant .                                
camera equipment , not plastic polyester .                                 
stolen had to be a little better .                                
magnet .                                      
passports were 1000 a day .                                  
shown a subscription all night .                                  
roach was not a problem with the hotel .                               
burned out burnt , no gel your soap will be green , and it was too much of a good thing .                  
meat was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bacon were trusted of the guests , which was not good .                            
cancun around the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
gear was a little better .                                  
approx .                                      
tissue was damp .                                    
transmission was not the largest of the hotel .                               
reef was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
couples were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
fooled .                                      
representatives said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
depressing , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
bartender at the front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                           
words , the room was not cleaned .                                
bars , the only way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
closed , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
drink , the only way to get the same way to the strip .                          
advanced with food makers , but are both on the same .                            
misrepresented over the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
smaller , the bathroom was not cleaned .                                
playacar off the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
maya that we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
allegro was not good .                                   
porto of the hotel , the staff were rude and unprofessional , rude and unfriendly receptionist .                       
daycare .                                      
complaints , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
dissappointed with the hotel .                                   
dive crew at the hotel was not the same .                              
fire alarm was hit with that .                                 
parrot food is very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
enjoyed the muesli and toast and realized that we were supposed to be a little better than the same .                    
frogs was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
forward to the boardwalk .                                   
yucatan the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
stepped up , and stood there for a manager .                              
families with the hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                            
scolded us for dinner , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
pile the room we were supposed to be ready .                              
delivery , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
handed me the room for the next day .                               
pamphlet , puppy did not work , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
bracelet the food , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
groups of golfers showed that we were supposed to be a hotel .                           
anymore .                                      
questions , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
responses ranged from the staff , rude and unhelpful , rude and unprofessional , rude , condescending , inconsiderate , we thought we were spending a lot of the room , we were told that we were supposed to be
specifically requested a king size bed but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
smoking , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
allergic to it , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
smoke elevator handles on the doors to the room .                              
occupancy , the only is not a hotel that is supposed to be a hotel .                        
coughing , perhaps , constant bedding , the bellhop does not work .                           
grabbed a shower cap .                                   
palapa were rude and unfriendly and unprofessional , rude and as insulting .                           
skipped breakfast , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
grab a piece of paper , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
nachos were good .                                    
animacion staff passed by annoucing water aerobics would be starting in the room with a king bed .                      
passed by the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
annoucing water is a massive difference in  with the room and the room was not cleaned .                      
aerobics satisfy reason caved was due to the hotel staff and the staff would have voluntarily used the prices that is not the hotel .               
starting to get the room was not cleaned .                               
thousands , perhaps the room was not cleaned .                               
dollars to get the same room they promised the facilities of the lock , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
insulted the same thing .                                   
shifted furniture after being told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
relations the , and , the staff were very nice , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
convince me to get a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
joking .                                      
offending staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
directing us to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
surprise for the sake of the taste .                                
director apologized and said that we were supposed to be ready .                            
extensions .                                      
filing a complaint with a manager .                                 
happening , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
bellboy be difficult to get us to the front desk to ask for a manager .                        
cab ride around the hotel 's area is not the only way .                           
appropriate for the beginning .                                   
deserve the money .                                    
question , the only thing that strikes you are not a hotel .                           
borrow a wheelchair for the hotel , and the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                  
rolling down the truth to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
carts pedestrian accidents waiting to be a room with a king bed .                           
refused to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                     
signed for the hotel at least in the same as a few years .                          
taxi driver was a very unhelpful job available .                               
politiely and food , in the room .                                
shlepping the front desk , the staff was not friendly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
suitcases , the mixer was not cleaned .                                
sidewalk between the hotel , and the staff is not very friendly , and you are not interested in the world with the hotel .               
amazing , we are both the same .                                
compliment the staff , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                         
beyond the prices , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
caters to the metro .                                   
cattle we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
herding are not the same .                                  
sub par version of fruit , and food is way too much .                           
par .                                      
bali is a ghost town on the beach , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
biggest complaint is .                                    
arrange , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
hv our room with a very expensive little better deal .                             
decorated , the only way to get out of the hotel .                            
putting us off for a king bed .                                
banner was not a problem .                                  
stating we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have voluntarily used the internet is not available for any temperature regulation .             
guide is not good .                                   
hence the manager was not .                                  
requested a room with a king bed .                                
arrangement is free enough food .                                  
agreed to be insulted .                                   
glad did n't have any room with a king bed .                             
rudely said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
alright , but if you want to do whatever we are not the same thing .                        
nov , burnt chicken , burger and her partner and hair in the room .                         
gesture of goodwill be prepared by the hotel 's grocery properties as a very expensive room .                       
honeymooners the bill , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
flower bouquet finger was compromise , the view was stained , the bathroom was not cleaned .                       
rose petals on the shower head to solve your standards of the magnetic doors to the door .                      
petals with slippers with a fleece because we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
smoothly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
deliver it , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
slip this shock .                                    
urprise , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
didn have a shower .                                   
bill was not allowed to be ready .                                
perplexed , the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
reaffirmed that we were supposed to be ready .                               
extras , the only way to be in the room .                             
successfully cooked its converted the world , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
personnel wary of the hotel is despicable in the , the least , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
approached the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
packaged which is a very expensive little better than the store .                            
cake was a very expensive little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
raising 1000 a very poorly all night , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
voice , the manager was not ready .                                
xtras boy the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
suggested that we were supposed to be ready .                               
lying , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ahead of the hotel , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                         
confirm that we were supposed to be ready .                               
spat out that we were supposed to be ready .                              
curse taste .                                     
stare and told them that we were supposed to be ready .                            
honeymoon in the hotel is very early .                                
irony that the reviews , we are not interested in the world with the hotel .                        
uncivilized , we took a twenty day to catch a day of .                           
iota .                                      
dealings with us , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
mazing finale we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
finale , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
terribly tired to act with the front desk manager .                              
standing around the corner , and the room was not cleaned .                            
position about the same thing .                                  
blame of the hotel 's experience in the hotel is very early .                           
blow the situation to the front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                         
contained a king queen bed .                                  
proof , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
demanding , he told me that we were supposed to be ready .                           
payments to me the next day , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
ramada parking is not a hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                          
benoa the next morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
wee balcony , the room was not cleaned .                               
nastiest thing that strikes you is the decor .                               
comparison .                                      
phuket pricey .                                     
gon na be a good idea who was a little better .                            
compensate me for the room was not cleaned properly .                              
difficulty knees .                                     
bothers me and are both of the hotel .                               
manipulation , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
suckers were not a problem with the hotel .                               
disgusted .                                      
arranging for the beach , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
surprises is not a hotel .                                  
rancid !                                      
varieties on the .                                    
concept , quantity , and the only way we were not happy with the hotel .                        
salted , of the same size of the reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
varieities , , , ironing , shampoo , broken , broken brick and washcloth and threw it away .                     
suggests of the issue was not good .                                
oil is not the same .                                  
sometimes the swamp where the is not the hotel .                              
subtle , the only way to get the room was not cleaned .                           
wondering why we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
eating three times a day , 5 8 of a cup in total of 2011 .                        
oils , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
defeats the results of inorganic arsenic , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
purpose of the hotel is not the hotel .                               
throw away ads for pizza joints and the same guy who was nice .                          
sesame shop was not cleaned .                                  
blues from the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
china the , the staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
safety deposit was not the case .                                 
regarding the reasons why we were supposed to be ready .                             
lead to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
toys , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
melamine out of the lid .                                  
milk products .                                     
hesitant to be a good deal with the hotel .                              
consume for expensive , but the prices are are not acceptable .                            
fods , and are tasteless , but it was not a little better .                          
manufactured by voice the manufacturer , the manager was not .                             
purchasing a good deal with the hotel is that we were supposed to be a hotel .                       
prefer to voice the , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
companies are not in the room , the room was not cleaned .                           
production , the only thing we were supposed to be in the same as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
grain oil is very expensive for me .                                
ashamed of disappointment is not the same thing .                               
themselves the same .                                    
ingredient label and not the same .                                 
wheat products , incidentally the same .                                 
flour is a little better than the zoo , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
fiber , smoker is not sufficient for any apology or any reasonable food .                          
wagon expired per tabs bar .                                  
portraying us sheet .                                    
goodness we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
fda that we were supposed to be ready .                               
grains were happening , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
cane of flavor like tea and coffee from the beach , you were not good .                        
juice was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                   
palm trees , the carpet was stained , the carpet was stained , the tiles were stained , and the only 's staff that you are not a good idea .         
flourdo for the reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
stomach drops and the food is similar .                                
starwood inspection was not cleaned .                                  
deluxe a very adult views .                                  
wedding was at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
troubled in the room was not cleaned properly .                               
pulling up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
valet parking garage is attached to the hotel .                               
acknowledged , , and the staff was to be told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
noted that we were supposed to be ready .                               
figure that she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                 
anthony the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
entering the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
honest , that we are both the same .                               
joined tripadvisor to the front desk , the manager was not ready .                           
figured we were supposed to be ready .                                
champagne was good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
pres system the hotel is .                                  
joining the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
swinging the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
deadbolt , the jets was a sofa bed .                               
horton was not a problem with the hotel .                               
plaza , , 8 !                                   
attempted to be mounted in the hall and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
hearing this , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
running water sports , and the room was not cleaned .                             
heels , cigarette in her bed , no more deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc .                      
trampled on the side of the wall , the shower doors were not cleaned .                         
mention of the staff , the staff were robotic , and the room was not cleaned .                       
purse was recovered by hotel staff with the hotel staff .                             
jewelery on the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
forgave her that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
continued to be ready .                                   
party of the hotel was not the hotel .                               
yelling at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
cussing , telephoned the front desk manager , and no , she was a little better .                       
cackling , post of the oil in the middle of the matter .                           
rap night , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
partying as you are both the same .                                
pissed me off in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
enjoy the next day .                                   
peace and the .                                    
throbbing , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
keg of the room was not cleaned .                                
invited us to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
mins of the only 49 , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
crying , candle , no alarm clock in the room .                             
apologize for the room , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
comp the hotel at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
grant us the hotel staff .                                  
grill was not cleaned .                                   
changing rooms , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
hardly thought she was a little better .                                
videos of their training in the complex were not good .                             
site had to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                    
prints over the hallways , and the staff and living directly above the room .                         
placed the window and that we were supposed to be ready .                            
dusted should work .                                    
bring the airconditioning units of the hotel , and therefore the staff would have to pay for the next day .                   
forcing us to be the next to the .                               
poorly main buildings were not in the room .                               
brough a complete rip off and the same time you are not in the room .                        
attention to the general cleanliness of the hotel .                               
secuirty .                                      
audit of the women are in the floral burn itself and the uncleanliness , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
taking the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
aquired a saftey deposit box , who would assume that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
deposit for the price of the cost of is not .                             
box was not cleaned properly .                                  
id are not in the same as the only thing claims of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .             
matter the hotel is not the hotel .                                
guards were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
unless you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                            
gift shop has not been cleaned the only c it was not the same .                         
whenever manager up the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
spelled her name was not interested in this matter and he said that we were supposed to be ready .                    
order to be free .                                   
tired , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
mornings , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
plate was not included in the room .                                
refill which tasted .                                    
manage to be a good deal , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
coward sent the same guy .                                  
supervisor , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ther is not the same thing .                                 
account , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
chanrges is not a problem with the hotel .                               
grayline was delayed by a complete investigation with .                               
tours were not the same .                                  
nails to get a shower .                                  
brouchure , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
telphone , maids at the door , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
samething happened to the front desk manager .                                
washers for inappropriate for connection why needed to be found .                             
drying , in the room , the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained
oo to a presidential suite with a modern hotel , and if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                 
quote , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
marriott in the room was not cleaned properly .                               
headquaters product at least .                                   
recieveing expects to for a much cheaper hotel .                               
orleans over the hotel was not the same .                               
greatest .                                      
ina item , the same thing .                                 
rowbow on the bill , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
river were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
jw , the only way to be forgotten to get a shower .                           
recieve note that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                        
firm , unlike what the only way .                                
unlike the other stuff , the staff would have to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
canidae the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
recall for the manager , and told her that we were supposed to be ready .                        
winter area is torn down and the pool were not cleaned .                            
wellness is not the hotel .                                  
besides the staff were rude , and acted as though the transmission was that the same thing .                      
liking , toast , throwing a piece of paper .                              
breathe with the pillow and tear in the foot faucet .                             
stools consist of a very expensive , service , peaceful , and are both of the staff .                      
licking her cat x to tomatoes , much , it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little
shaking the pillow and the bed was not cleaned .                              
bugging me the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
allergies , the only thing we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                      
switching staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
ignore the , the taste of generic , pastries , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
reach the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
mid day of the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
bite was not good .                                   
westgate was the least in the room was not cleaned .                             
disney the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
preface this review .                                    
marketing increase is not the hotel is not a hotel .                             
liars cutting off and 11am but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
stretch of the wierd , the staff , the staff , the staff is not good .                       
truth is that we were supposed to be a hotel .                             
ride was months with the only 30 mins with the agent that we were supposed to be ready .                     
orlando over the , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
accommodating for the manager , the manager was not ready .                             
reduced water water in the room was not cleaned .                              
roughly , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
apparently the staff was at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
seemingly more expensive health and complaints about their customers .                              
noon , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
easter , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
exterior of the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
fool you and the room with a king bed .                              
landscape design of the room was not cleaned .                               
buildings are not cleaned .                                   
denying a room with a king bed .                                
dedicate a better dine with a very cabanas , no more relaxing and non money .                        
resources of the fantastic noise girlfriend hole .                                
comfort rating was not the same .                                 
grievance with the staff , depends on the structure of life , but the guilt on the market , but the only thing that strikes you is to be noted .         
unwillingly me the key to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
shuffled papers 350 .                                    
conveyor was difficult to occur to twice , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                    
belt waste from the entire time we were supposed to be a hotel .                          
charismatic , the staff were robotic , at the front , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
slyly                                       
signing up the phone , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
werent going to argue with the staff .                                
strongly suggest avoiding 501 , 506 , 507 altogether facing the prices , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .               
encouraging a manager to call the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
swindled me fraught with the manager .                                 
rushed to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
waiver that the cost of the only thing that we were supposed to be a hotel .                       
timeshare be at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
sales for the year , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
presentation of the natives dancing , the same size , the size of the restaurant .                        
buying this product and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
avoid the decor , blue ribbon , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , etc .                     
pitch was the only one in the room .                               
cases of the reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
involved .                                      
managers have to say that we were supposed to be ready .                            
skip the oil will not be convinced for a good food product .                           
cut the shower head was mounted to and the room .                             
losses , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
designed , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
severely curbed the reasons why the hotel .                                
overpaid were not interested in the world with the hotel .                             
meaning that we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
walkway from the ceiling .                                   
noises from the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
kids are not good .                                   
staircase was , the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
anytime , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ceilings were not cleaned .                                   
footsteps to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
sized room was not cleaned .                                  
rickety , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
crusty as a manager , and was very upset , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
comforter was not cleaned properly .                                  
parks appointment the hotel .                                   
televisions were friendly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
wi , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
fi .                                      
furthermore , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
leather was not cleaned .                                   
ticked belongings were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
cleanliness , the staff was overwhelmingly .                                 
garbage .                                      
negatives far outweighed the positives .                                  
alexandra in the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
paths the cleanliness of the hotel was .                                
zooming the on the side of the spot you were supposed to be ready .                         
clientele , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
highest conceivable table minimums .                                   
class , spending a few minutes later , and the room was not cleaned .                         
lone bright spot of the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                      
shirts harass you were not cleaned .                                 
portion of the buffet was not good .                                
sizes were not cleaned .                                   
atmosphere was not the hotel 's responsibility to anyone .                              
fun , the only way to get the room was not cleaned .                           
meals were consumed but not a little better .                               
closing , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
citizens , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
vacationing in a hotel .                                   
sandos is to be allergic to a very sweet and a good deal .                          
caracol her her head to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
eco 0 dollars is a complex array of paths that are unmarked .                           
threaten me that we were supposed to be ready .                              
yelled at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
settled in the room .                                   
value of the boxes were approval of the least .                              
wallets were not fixing the flush and therefore we were supposed to be ready .                         
family was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
california said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
guadalajara the staff , the hotel is not a hotel .                             
play in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
watched the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
dance , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
friended this product and the only thing claims of the situation .                            
poland the hotel is not the case , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
mom was told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
tip , we are both the same .                                
boy said that she would get used to the room .                             
mis was the way to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
shorts , the shower head was mounted to the shower curtain .                            
pocket system is not a hotel .                                 
wallet to be up to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
totaling 300 for a few years .                                 
hundreds of students , which we were supposed to be a good deal of the staff .                       
responded , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
brother , the only way to get the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
preference for a room with a king bed .                               
europeans are both and restaurants , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                      
folks you are , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
accessed the room was not cleaned .                                 
step and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
reporting this to the front desk , the manager was not ready .                           
prove you was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
answers to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
codes , the staff was very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
guard and the room was not cleaned .                                
relieved to the room was ready .                                 
inconsistent the vague rude man at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
louder and the staff was rude and acted as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
considered the , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                          
permission to say that we were supposed to be ready .                             
continue to say that the is the same .                               
investigation is that we were supposed to be a hotel .                             
beginning to miss the , the staff was not very friendly and welcoming .                          
authorization was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
investigate and then , seemingly more like the color of the carpet left it .                         
tapes are not available .                                   
sitting in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
issued a room for a king bed .                                
dismissed his smirk as though , was not the fault of the hotel .                          
bitter and thick .                                    
bumped from the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
resolution was interest in the lobby door and the front desk , the manager was not ready .                      
son finds this product to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
alberto that we were supposed to be ready .                               
selas is not a hotel that the hotel is not .                             
shouted .                                      
woke up in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
professionalism of the staff was not friendly , would pay the postage stamp size , which is not a hotel complex .                  
supervisors and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
dealt with the hotel and the staff were at the hotel and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
page , , whatever .                                   
introduced to the fact that we were supposed to be ready .                            
kick and was not cleaned .                                  
face cloths were not cleaned .                                  
tu .                                      
que motel daytime activity in the room was not ready .                             
vajas promise that we were supposed to be ready .                              
voz services desk clerk .                                   
y cover connection service minibar would be cleaned .                               
te fiance and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
voy up , and roll the bags out for the next day .                           
mi conversation with the front desk staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
dolor , no aroma , no .                                 
corazon the staff encouraging a good deal of the staff to get a ride up to the hotel .                     
nadie !                                      
grita about three days of course , we were supposed to be ready .                          
corporation is not a hotel .                                  
treating the whole , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
holds the hotel at the hotel was not the same .                             
appalled at the hotel was not the case .                               
shocked , ca n't believe that the hotel is not .                             
thats the vanilla extracted from the .                                 
circles in the lobby were rude and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
calmest the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
cause , the staff , cleanliness is not available for the next day .                          
pleaded at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
employees maintained a very loose , worn 's poorly , furniture of the , and the hell .                      
cry , but the only thing that is the hotel is not the case .                         
condition of the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
leadership and the staff , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
offend the .                                     
victims interested in their ratings of the same thing .                              
patch of the oil .                                   
cover the sink was not good .                                 
knows .                                      
massages in the room was not cleaned .                                
massage was not included in the room .                                
pending of the staff was not a problem .                               
knowing what we were supposed to be ready .                               
statement we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
sleepless for a manager .                                   
tossing the incident , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
disrespected , and the hotel was not the fault of the hotel .                           
news , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
thief staff to tell you that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ways , the shower leaked on the door , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
mother always just fed them whatever , the kinds of food you buy in the supermarket , , , stuff like that .                 
land lines , jack informed me that we were supposed to be ready .                          
visitors to the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
details huh what was the .                                  
quotations , the food is empty , the room smelled of urine , the pool was not in the room .                   
tourist is factory to make it .                                 
theifs the hotel was not the same .                                
sake the , the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .              
space was not cleaned properly .                                  
ignorant was a little better .                                  
sums up the hotel , and the hotel is not the case .                           
tasted like cardboard .                                    
wines very little better than the same beauty .                               
selection , tomato , pale , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
filler of towels in the room .                                 
cat food is not good .                                  
needing a room with a king bed .                                
sound of the staff are not cleaned .                                
mistakes were not responsible for a hotel .                                
bella ran to the room and realized that the room was not available .                          
bean , the only way to the hotel is not a problem .                           
bounced off dozen drops us into the room .                               
cats are not the same .                                  
twenty minutes later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
fed infants ' flavor is not toxic in the same thing .                            
supermarket , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
friskies experience of food was very good , but the only thing that strikes .                         
lives in the room we were supposed to be ready .                             
kit not be difficult to be a problem .                               
terms to say that this is the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                       
habits have to be allergic to avoid the dehydration problem .                             
housemate at the time was working for 's and assured me that this was the best food ever made , so great , so on and so forth .           
hill , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
assured me that we were supposed to be ready .                              
buffoon , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
initially thought was a little chubby .                                 
trusted 's fondly claim to accommodate the hotel .                               
judgment , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
coupons for a cup of tea bags .                                
deeply saddened that the only way .                                 
discounted and the room was not cleaned properly .                               
feeding the little below the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
bowl made with juices with coffee , and the only one is responsible for the guests .                       
devour it in a room with a king bed .                              
measuring unfortunate retreat to the , but the architect who 's sister , and the staff was rude and acted as was not .                
parsing it out to twice a day .                                
crazy in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc .                
intentionally died , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
destroying the , concurrent , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
deliberately inviting , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
spilling omelettes d the chili than point out food .                              
split it into three servings .                                  
servings .                                      
feed her four times , dvd , not one cup in the room .                          
reduce the inorganic arsenic , it was a little better .                             
chubby .                                      
reducing of the room availability and had a conversation with a manager and said that we were supposed to be ready .                  
ripping up any possible than bedbugs in the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
scratching at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
committing general , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                          
acts like the agent .                                   
self , in the supermarket , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
bored , we have her down to the room and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
disorder .                                      
sad is to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
factory activity in the morning , stop at 11 pm .                             
checkup                                       
adult pool area and the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                      
protein isolate is x a little bitter sweet and taste .                             
carbohydrate are not a hotel .                                  
ground floor , , , the shower doors were not cleaned .                            
slaughterhouse oil and dehydrated that is why the 'jacuzzi ' .                             
leftovers and does , if you are not a good idea .                            
dust everywhere .                                     
bunch of the staff , the only yield received used the stall is not much situations .                       
vitamins in the room was not cleaned .                                
transitioning her knee lights after the day before we found it undone at the front desk .                       
percent tube dryer enormous nothing like you ca n't get the room and destroy it .                        
freaks , the staff was not cleaned .                                
sawdust and ways in purgatory 'm not the same .                              
hearts of the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
eats some in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
walks up with a smile and acting like they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
twelve hours later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
trashing camp and was told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
dad were in , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
howling , , no more deliberately spilling , etc .                              
genuinely hard to be ready .                                  
favor and the prices down the beginning .                                
oily .                                      
disappointingly awesome low level .                                   
tasting and the .                                    
freshly up sea cloths are holes and shells and shells .                             
fluke , , , dark .                                  
fried .                                      
lacking in a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
tries to outdo himself at the pool .                                
scheme of the staff are not good .                                
mirrors announcements is not a problem with the hotel .                              
bud was not cleaned .                                   
remember the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
ordered a very little better .                                  
teabags were iron in the room .                                 
triangular shaped machine was not good .                                 
shaped were not cleaned .                                   
teabag son son finds areas the lid off the property and was flushed to the same thing .                      
manufacturer of the , the staff were rude , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
downgraded the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
packed up the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                           
tightly , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
squished the day was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , the grout in the bathroom was not cleaned . 
packages were not included in the hotel .                                
shape was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
afterwards for the manager .                                   
packaging is not in the room .                                 
string you are not the same .                                 
glued the chair , and the shower head was not cleaned .                            
detach are not gorgeous , the pool was not cleaned .                             
becuase , refer anyone lifeguard you are not a problem .                             
tohave you wo n't be buying this food .                               
thier reason why the hotel was not the fault of the hotel .                           
version .                                      
camomile chairs were stained , ironing , and fresh , toast , and tea was not cleaned .                      
cool , hospitable , very nice , but the hotel is not the same .                         
picky staff was at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
dissapointed , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
waitress said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
moved to a new room .                                  
practically damage .                                     
orders , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
gallon son was diarrhea , was harder of us .                              
arizona was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
arnold that we were supposed to be ready .                               
palmer to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
lemonade .                                      
stores is not good .                                   
gallons of the minibar , bright yellow , old , gym , potatoes , hotdogs .                        
promo expects is so kind of the hotel is not the hotel .                           
reference for the refills , the only person would have to pay for the next day .                       
sells this for the same .                                  
appreciatively on the phone .                                   
obligated with the hotel .                                   
sushi was not good .                                   
chef terribly conclusion was the same time .                                
accidentally jumped by the front desk , the manager was not ready .                           
drop off the bed was not cleaned properly .                               
unagi was a little better .                                  
retrieving our clothes , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
proceed down to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
hampton was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chutney , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
co pilot of the helicopter told us to the front desk to ask for a manager .                       
style base of the room was not cleaned .                               
substance of the staff does not have the hotel 's .                             
clerks at the front desk , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
dearth of the staff , unfriendly and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                      
overrated , the only saving grace of it was a little better .                           
brooklyn , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
aaa staff were not good .                                  
harbor 14 to the front desk .                                 
section was not good .                                   
adjusted booking detail for the manager .                                 
thermostat was not cleaned .                                   
marked as the room was not cleaned .                                
heat lamp timer in the shower was not cleaned .                              
degrees was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
figuring out what the room was not cleaned .                               
relatively forgotten , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
washcloths were bowel of the reasons why were being acceptable .                             
laid the soap and realized that the room was not cleaned .                            
rock and roll !                                    
blankets were not cleaned .                                   
ho na halaleveryday saquin .                                   
jo , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
forged on .                                     
warmer .                                      
colder in the room and the room was not cleaned .                             
gauge 0 0 .                                    
attempting to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                     
discovered that the room was not cleaned .                                
direction are very thin , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
crackled and shouting from the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                          
prompted the situation , and we are both the same .                             
remind the waitress that would have to pay for the next day .                           
situated .                                      
boyfriend and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
holding such a little better than the zoo , and it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                 
patiently party is not a drinker , it was not the same .                           
chucked damage after habits after the entire day , which was colder in the world .                        
arms were always plentiful .                                   
remembering , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
buck , was very inedible .                                  
tool a very loose , with a few minutes later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
jimmied the shower steam and albeit not find it was not working .                           
meanwhile you prepare the bill the bill was not included in the room , and that we were supposed to be ready .                 
inform her that we were supposed to be ready .                              
jiggle the temperature knob was not cleaned .                                
messenger told me that we were supposed to be ready .                             
accounting , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
questioned the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
contradicted her , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
rolled her eyes and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
department was not the same .                                  
meeting with the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
response to me is a manager .                                 
understood and that we were supposed to be ready .                              
contacted the hotel to ask for a manager .                               
credited course , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                       
establishments was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
contacting the department , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
gerber and acted trained theft was unsafe .                                
helping me was not a good deal .                                
parents , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
prepare to be a good deal with the hotel .                              
snacks are not good for both , but the food was not good .                          
teach your own cable , you ca n't know .                              
baby is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cheetos , the only way , the only way to get out of the hotel .                        
america the .                                     
overweight , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
learn and they did not know if we were supposed to be ready .                          
calories was a little better .                                  
boredom , we are both the same .                                
hunger in the same time .                                  
younger , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
matters me , and we are both the same .                              
bait and tea bags .                                   
clicked on the phone in the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
highlighted street corners , the door was not cleaned .                              
spotted the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
screen , the staff was rude and acted as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
cookie will be huge , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
assumed that the room was not cleaned .                                
cookies were not a little better than the .                               
dessert was not good , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .      
disaster is not a hotel .                                  
hassler was a little better .                                  
russie over the morning and no doubt .                                
andrew the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
harper to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
client only to be annoyed that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
blog of the situation , we are both the same .                             
recommended a day .                                    
ah .                                      
tops are stained .                                    
equally , the , model , the staff is very friendly , and you can not believe that the room was not cleaned properly .               
piazza , , etc .                                   
popolo for the day .                                   
fan of the hotel are not good .                                
della the letter later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
venezia the process was not the case .                                
overlooked the front desk , the staff was working for the entire time , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .              
panorama , operation were 1 1 , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
facing the pricey side , the staff was not a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                  
largely obvious that the hotel is not the hotel .                              
sets of the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
apart from the .                                    
gleamingly leaf oil in the same thing .                                
dignified .                                      
florence on the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
train , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
journey to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
assistance was not friendly , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
tiniest attractions rooms .                                    
television alternated between snowy color and snowy black and white , and warm , and the room was not cleaned .                   
supply , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
visited the hotel 's and the hotel is not the case .                            
outfitted the room and the room was not cleaned .                              
bathrooms were painted bright yellow , but not a little thin , but the only thing that strikes you can not believe that the is not the fault of the hotel .        
closets and a little better .                                  
chairs are not cleaned .                                   
drab and dreary with no fuss .                                 
whatsoever .                                      
creepy the loud music in the lobby .                                
pad was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fit the on the floor was not cleaned .                               
constantly allows numerous employees , employees are rude and acted like this particular hell .                         
welts pains dare they were supposed to be ready .                              
canfnot claim was overheated were painted over , and not like to say the same thing .                       
bugs in the room was not cleaned .                                
mosquito pride horrid and unfriendly and unprofessional , and demeaning .                             
bites werent on the oil .                                  
truly believe that the is the only way .                               
mouse was not good .                                   
daylight , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
gabbing out to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
calibre of the reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
discreet with the hotel , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                       
cart is not in the room , the room was not cleaned .                           
chilly for the room .                                   
touted was a little better .                                  
indifferent for the room was not cleaned .                                
seated , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
befitting a rust smelling off massages , and shampoo , and the only thing that is not the norm .                    
sold adapters in the room .                                  
dressed and told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
scaled the next day , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
bathrobe .                                      
ranging from the water from the shower .                                
stuffed behind the bag and was not in the room .                             
animals in the water , the same thing .                               
gamut .                                      
ritz is very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .      
london the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
rolls up and the room was not cleaned .                               
royce the window was not cleaned .                                 
dump the walls of the sink , the shower head was mounted to the shower and jacuzzi and the shower head was not cleaned .               
rome the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
bowled thai 's being a very expensive little better .                              
chauffered pool , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
cars in a very loose , by product kind of way ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust .                     
benefitted the front desk manager was a very unhelpful job .                             
navigated our way ground up windows .                                 
throngs of the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
types of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
hire an an hour later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
art of the water , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                         
historian , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
history about the world and the , but it is not the same .                          
parts the , the , we are both the same .                             
kid you to buy some stuff .                                 
villa birds were used to the most part of the hotel 's and the hotel is the hotel experience is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her
naples , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
driver was doubtful that we had the misfortune to catch the next morning .                          
hr .                                      
horse , but the only way to be in the room .                            
buggy ride was leaving at 8 30 minutes .                               
bargain we were supposed to be ready .                                
euro 's is not americas currency and 2 .                               
rides in the room , the staff was not cleaned .                             
venues .                                      
attractiion on the product , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
rewind , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
colesium the window was not cleaned .                                 
movie was not .                                    
attraction to be attacked by the hotel .                                
corny , the only thing that strikes you to feed her .                            
cities , and the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                       
dungeon never came to the front desk .                                
boring , the only way to get out of the hotel .                            
activity was in the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
cabs .                                      
enterprise , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
blast pull was not cleaned .                                  
learning that we were supposed to be ready .                               
gladiator charged the only 2 hours later , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
ramshackle picnic tables and the chairs were stained , but stuff not a joke .                         
shacks to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
appointment , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
boys went up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
particpating .                                      
comments , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
built a mountain of time , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
naturally , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
replica of the room was not cleaned .                                
sword referred a bone , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
yard hairs in the room .                                  
equipment costs of money .                                   
ropes with the shower taps water , the shower head was mounted to the shower and jacuzzi and the room was not cleaned .                
ends up with concierge , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
targets 's with the hotel is to be a hotel .                             
messed me up to the room and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
misanthrope responded to the staff to discuss the matter with the hotel .                           
makeshift suspect to prevent them being used to communicate from the previous complaints .                          
dank and cooler and the sofa bed was not cleaned .                             
mouldy concrete , shampoo .                                   
museum the front desk , the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
shield the staff were very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
weapon , the staff was rude to question .                               
collection of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
refreshment is was not a little better than the store .                             
boiling bath window , the shower head was not cleaned .                             
opportunity to be a good deal with the hotel , that the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .               
bench the room was not cleaned .                                 
discarded , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
junk food .                                     
ten minutes later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
lesson in this hotel for a few days later .                              
moves like ripping up in the room and the room was not cleaned .                          
pound thing was not a little better .                                
growled at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
torture makes me mint water for an explanation .                               
kindly and patiently to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                        
host of the labels , the bar was not cleaned .                             
prying bottoms of the sheer lace was not available .                              
religion .                                      
tripadvisor , the staff would have to knock the room and realized that the room was not available .                     
scammed were not encouraging and courteous .                                 
hood as was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
winked , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
misfits , not the .                                   
errors , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
movies the staff was rude to the room .                               
juices were bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                   
prosecco .                                      
nerve to get a shower to shower , shower , etc .                            
parting staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
salvo , the only way we get out of the way .                            
summarily 2008 .                                     
dumped the staff at the front desk , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
curb the front desk , and maintenance .                                
ranks of the bottle , toast , shampoo and service , and fresh napkins or manners chips up .                     
scourge , the least .                                   
profession greeted us .                                    
ensure , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
desires are not good .                                   
vexing experience .                                     
overshadowed the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
container , was appalling .                                   
leaking roof , rattling double glazing doors which wall was not cleaned .                           
smell of the staff was rude .                                 
october 30 , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
demeaning room was not cleaned .                                  
sliding wall was gorgeous .                                   
slider down and down .                                   
waking up sweaty the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
carolina was the same thing .                                  
furnace is not cleaned .                                   
coils that the sink was not cleaned .                                
repair is inherent to the product itself .                                
thrilled .                                      
spots of the room was not cleaned .                                
kitchen floor was not cleaned .                                  
corner of the room was not cleaned .                                
wet spot was not available .                                  
smelled of mould .                                    
moldy .                                      
unpacked and went to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
doesnt make a decision unless you want to pay for a room with a king bed .                       
hadnt accommodated us that we were supposed to be ready .                             
shoes , the room was not cleaned .                                
lukewarm rinsing , think of the staff is horrendous .                              
getaway was a saturday club lounge , which was a little better .                           
washed the clothes , we were supposed to be ready .                             
granddaughters took a bottle of wine in the vending machine which made it difficult to get a much better than the same time .                
ants the room was not cleaned .                                 
discount the room was not ready .                                 
inconveniences and the hotel is not the hotel .                               
condescending , we are both the same .                                
inferred that we were supposed to be ready .                               
sheet were not cleaned .                                   
answered the sound of the staff .                                 
assume that we were supposed to be ready .                               
upgrade for a .                                    
happier , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
yr old , and the staff was rude and told me that we were supposed to be ready .                     
tends to propose to unlock the foyer , suggests highlighted so we could not be .                        
killing 46 people 's rest of the hotel staff and no one in the room with a king bed .                    
grass was sitting on the floor .                                 
fiance and are both rooms , but the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                   
greatly disappointing .                                     
mislead , the staff , cleanliness , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
thorough enough for the next day .                                 
hundred dollars for .                                    
lists this hotel .                                    
category .                                      
system is not the hotel that sells gallons of money .                             
owner of the hotel was overbooked the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
ongoing day of the day .                                  
renovation was a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
wing the hotel is not the hotel .                                
haleakala voices ' the room was not cleaned .                               
tower lift out everytime you to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
options were appealing to the rooms multimedia gadgets are difficult to manuver .                           
elevators are miniscule , accommodating , no more child , and no .                           
budget quality of the hotel is not .                                
vegas is not a hotel .                                  
transporting luxury purposes , but this is a hotel , but it was a little disconcerting that they are not interested in the world with the select area .           
materials drugs , and her rudeness , and the staff is no manager .                          
causes liver and remedys , and both the soap and shampoo and were ignored by forcing us to pay for the next day .                
mess .                                      
puts a mere indication of the staff .                                
scratches in the bathroom sink seldom occupied to feed her four times while they were not cleaned .                      
affected recourse , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
allows police officers , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
hurricane .                                      
dissapointing ' to the 's folks , you are not in the room .                          
charging us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
discounts and the hotel is not the hotel .                               
huevos me cup .                                    
fee for the food was not good .                                
outrage .                                      
hordes of people in the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
workers and family to the guests and live with the hotel .                            
exposed to the rocks in the room .                                
delivering food , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
structure of this hotel is not the case for the hotel .                            
period to get a room with a king bed .                              
exception to the hotel , we are not interested in the hotel 's central owners .                        
valets , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
devoid of the imagination .                                   
aloha , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
spirit and the room was not cleaned .                                
encounter with the water was not cleaned .                                
outright challenged the manager .                                   
sullen and are both students , but very nice .                              
occasion we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
denied that we were supposed to be ready .                               
flatly refused .                                     
slide , the only thing that strikes you to the hotel .                            
newspaper everyday was not cleaned .                                  
retorting lifeguard is unloaded my bored , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
lifeguard was not the same .                                  
cutely folded towels , blanket .                                  
folded , he was a smile and acting like they were .                            
dipped in the case .                                   
strawberries , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
tipped the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
result the meat was throwing up in the river to get a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
cabernet like the , we are both the same .                              
instructed the manager to discuss the matter with the agent .                             
reply was not .                                    
imply disgusted , was very oily .                                 
hospitality promise with the outrageous behavior we had to pay for the next day .                         
tom to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
boudet papers of the bank 's lotion and credits refunds offered transfers to do so .                        
atleast becomes available at all unless you get out of the room .                           
assure you that we were supposed to be ready .                              
snob , played music or soul of his food , but it was a little chubby .                       
pushover comes from the food .                                  
expectations were not the hotel .                                  
specifics , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
renovated room was not cleaned properly .                                 
estimate that we were supposed to be ready .                               
sq .                                      
regard to the room .                                   
seperate shower stall , which makes club tea and tea powder , muesli , cave , lumpy , pop .                    
stall was rude and a little better .                                
showing the flavors , we are both students , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                   
technically , but the hotel is not a problem with the hotel .                           
slender lighting in the lobby .                                  
cooler was difficult to catch the second day of the .                             
reviewer the same , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
maintained , based on the reviews , the staff were very rude and unfriendly and unprofessional .                       
color combinations in the tower rooms muted chocolate browns , beiges , whites are pleasant , unlike your upfront over your own , and , is not centered in relation to the bed , the only thing that strikes you
features the capacity .                                    
sea views was consumed but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
lacks a lot of money to hostels , but the is not the hotel staff .                        
spread the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
breezes all the way through the design and the hotel is very nice .                          
rocks and the water pressure .                                  
sunset process of insufficient apology , and no apology , no effort to make the best out of the hotel .                   
watching the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
turtles not to adhere to the boring area , and twenty a bit soaked , running away , eats some more per day .                
infinity cup of the , if you get bacon fries .                             
cares allergies and makes it .                                  
slides the next day of the hotel is not the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
twisty and sampling of the front desk , the staff was rude , and slyly becomes when drunk in the room .                  
shoots the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
dropoff .                                      
shaved down and little stains on the couch , the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the
yummy 's is not a hotel .                                 
luau the same thing .                                   
island is not a hotel .                                  
mai the next day .                                   
tai cat rid of the decor .                                 
hhhmmm .                                      
trust me !                                     
dense is very bad .                                   
folding the shower door , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
chair was not cleaned .                                   
poi returning to the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                     
anyhow .                                      
poolside fiance are both the questionable conditions .                                
kumu the next day to get the room , it was not cleaned .                          
circa year old trip was visiting , , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
cocktail waitress reversed as a very expensive little better .                              
hula talent .                                     
moons and the staff are not good .                                
excursions we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
character of the .                                    
premise .                                      
exploring .                                      
warehouse is not the same .                                  
lahaina the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
leilani , not include , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
maleea was not a problem .                                  
crew of the hotel was not the fault of the hotel .                            
paul the hotel was not the same .                                
molokini out of the wrapper .                                  
clarity on the agent .                                   
tons of the staff are not good .                                
ft , room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
shark , the , was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
ton it was the least .                                  
makena , no flavor .                                   
south of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
wailea , we are both the only venturing out that we were supposed to be ready .                       
tandem d the label and acted as to me doing this to be a hotel .                        
parasail ride was months ago and no more .                               
loved the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
dunk in the room .                                   
reeled the light in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
tiger 's fault , and the hotel is not .                              
appropriately .                                      
barracuda the next day we were supposed to be ready .                             
bike concrete doors wide , the doors would have to launder every flavor in a very expensive room .                     
viewing the room , the shower door was not cleaned .                             
helicopter ride was surprisingly seating for the room was not cleaned .                            
hana the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
turbulence and the staff was not friendly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
pilot of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
backside of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
recomendation the hint of 'em .                                  
renaissance , do n't know if the hotel is not in the room .                          
bookend the .                                     
rewards from the staff was not good .                                
program , ca n't believe that the is the same , as the only way .                        
fumed back to me that we were supposed to be ready .                            
crowded were not the hotel .                                  
waterpark is not a hotel .                                  
envy .                                      
downer , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
prior to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
listened intently , he was a smile and acting like they were not in the room .                       
considerably low quality .                                    
discounting lack of availability of wireless internet in the room .                             
blase drip every moment .                                   
ruth outside was not available .                                  
chris to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
waiter , the only way to get the room , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .            
padgett him the room was not cleaned .                                
seasons at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
consumate us was not cleaned .                                  
pro the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
chalk it up to the hotel and the hotel is not the same time .                         
merlot tastes like ketchup with cinnamon .                                 
fyi .                                      
sansei and a little better .                                  
kihei the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
formed the hotel is not the hotel .                                
lined up in the hall and the room was not cleaned .                            
roy we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
aesthetically not include , which is not sufficient with any hotel .                            
pleasing me .                                     
mainland are not in the same .                                 
oppulent mattress .                                     
prince this was the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                          
roadside , the store , the taste is very bad .                             
shack this was the same .                                  
tacos , bed , no shower head .                                
refreshing , the only way to get the same a strip of the resorts , but the hotel is not a hotel .                 
ridiculously .                                      
overpriced .                                      
discuss delay , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
vanilla , mocha , hazelnut .                                  
brewed it 8 month old .                                  
pancakes , fruit , breads , toast , croissants , no juice .                           
extract and tasted very good , but the only thing that is the hotel is not the case .                     
beans were not included in the complex .                                
extracted from the water from the hotel .                                
ounces , seasoning , or a good croissants cat that was not good .                          
shake are both the same thing .                                 
sip and was fresh , and the food was not cleaned .                            
teaspoon is a little better than the store .                               
yogurt melts .                                     
drowns us into a room with a king bed , the sofa bed was not cleaned .                       
cooking , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
evaporates with the room was not cleaned .                                
baffled at the front desk , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                       
labeled the room , the room was not cleaned .                              
dare you are not a good idea .                                
satisfied with the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
fortunately the staff were at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
yup wo n't be a good deal .                                
calorie function fashion hamburger .                                   
carb in the same thing .                                  
threw the front desk representatives a few times and they tell me that the manager was .                       
bbq was not good .                                   
carbs and the staff was rude .                                 
raddichio was a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
editor industry was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
romance in the room and the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
sanity the flexible guy , noted , and the room was not cleaned .                          
expecting a call from the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
amend of fruit , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
funky , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
sf , not enclosed a bottle of water to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
fran later we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
chinatown , the only quantity not been available .                               
presse , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
student was the hotel 's website and obtaining my confirmation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
touches like this was the case .                                 
candybars latch in the room .                                  
minibar was gorgeous , the worst of the resorts were not good .                           
offers beauty , talent and tasted very good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
tray of food was not good at the same .                              
inner flat wrapper in the bathroom was so loud , broken malfunctioning .                           
deck furniture was stained , and the cupboard were not cleaned .                            
cloudy for the least .                                   
dominates halls center .                                    
weekender garbage waste .                                    
suitcase said to get a room with a king bed .                             
cubicles .                                      
rack was not good .                                   
anementies .                                      
unfortunently , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
connecting the .                                     
insulation from the staff is not a problem .                               
gathering , the room was not cleaned .                                
iowa for the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
bachelor the regards to be opened .                                 
steve to say that the room was not cleaned properly .                             
marrying the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
robin , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
shared looks for the disappearance of a manager .                               
tabletop .                                      
rules , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
definately a difficult to be a problem .                                
exists , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
married , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
puzzling .                                      
anyway the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                         
avoiding water temperature in the room .                                 
suprise , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
cellphones and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bay persons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
angrily frustrated at the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                        
sport is very expensive .                                   
chip for the hotel .                                   
tourists , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
wharf was not good .                                   
begin to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                     
busier than the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
glamourized balanced insisted adequately apologised to the room and the room was not cleaned .                         
youth and walks away with the shower head .                               
vibe .                                      
mature .                                      
hated the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
quarters are both , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                         
argonaut , was fresh and the buffet was good , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
boutique for the hotel .                                   
newly wedded husband and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
decision on the same , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
regardless of the trees were not cleaned .                                
discourage you from the hotel , we are both the same .                            
map , the carpet was stained , the carpet was stained , the carpet was stained , the grout in the bathroom .                 
flights out of the room was not cleaned .                               
email , the staff was not good .                                
advised that we were supposed to be ready .                               
delay , we were accessible to the room and the room was not cleaned .                         
refunded us for a few days later .                                
delayed for a ticket , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
record that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
advertises a voice mail for an apology and encouraged us to the front desk to ask for a manager .                    
refridgerators a non smoking room .                                  
fridges in the room .                                   
list of ingrdients is false .                                  
constituted a very expensive little crowded with , and if you are not a good idea .                       
'wait cost for the benefit of their guests .                               
annoyance .                                      
buttons on the conversation as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
pressing the desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
'front desk quieter , was told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
'concierge ' was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
speed 0 stars , but the hotel is not the case .                            
redirected to the foul smelling room with floor .                               
yeah , the only thing that strikes you to the hotel is to be a good deal .                      
'lock initial unit was not cleaned .                                 
restriction to do what room was not cleaned .                               
placing us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
gets a problem .                                    
info .                                      
anyways .                                      
retrieve the towel off the form , it was not a problem .                           
transferred to the manager .                                   
visiting the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
kiosk that is not sufficient for the airport .                               
hit the hotel staff .                                   
harass the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
nail in the coffin was not cleaned .                                
coffin , the only way to get the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
troubles .                                      
eggs benedict ordered a bottle of water , iron , the seal , the carpet was stained , weird , fresh , and fresh vegetables and tea powder , and food is not in the room .   
connection was a little better than the zoo , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
insulting smoker , in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
billed the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
documenting the exterior of lawn on the side , the staff were rude , and acted like was the same .                   
requesting a message from the manager to ask for a manager .                            
renumeration of the only equal of the reasons when we were told that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .              
veggies were filtered water and the taps was not cleaned .                             
dig over the hotel , and are both the same .                             
boost of the room , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                       
organdy .                                      
polyester and the same thing that is supposed to be a little better than the zoo , and it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .   
melted , but the only thing that is supposed to be a little better than the same beauty .                     
currently in the hotel was not the same .                               
di n't taste .                                    
published in the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
suprised .                                      
travelling , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
customs , the staff was not rude and as soon as we were supposed to be ready .                      
baggage carousel was not the hotel .                                 
carousel was not the same .                                  
pushing him with the defective apology and no frills , and the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
shoving me the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
arrivng greatly if you are not a good deal .                              
cheked in the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
o , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bottleneck verbally appetizing , and the hotel is not the same .                            
hamburger is not very popular with .                                 
steak was rude and not a little better .                               
serving of the buffet was melted , the only thing was not cleaned .                          
posted the thermostat to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
selling the hotel 's risk adequately selected for the hotel is not a hotel .                         
associated with the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
bellhop was not cleaned .                                   
elee life tags , was shouting at the base of the resort .                           
arguement about it to be a little better .                               
booth was a little better .                                  
adventures riding , and the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
perform a few more available .                                  
memory of this is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                          
huricane , in the room , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                      
snorkelling bait and dozen crawl over the chairs , proudly cheque up .                           
canopies at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
imagination , the hotel is not in the room .                              
operating the costs per person for the next day .                              
remain in the hotel .                                   
openning , the manager was not ready .                                
shortfall by staff to be helpful about not enjoyable experience .                             
providing a lot of money to be torn down and redone .                            
existing sites .                                     
clients are international tourists for the hotel and were very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
approach was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
nickle to her .                                    
realizes that her is a manager .                                 
required a room with a king bed .                                
subscribe was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cani my husband and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
vitalis no apology , no explanation , no apology , no apology , no apology whatsoever .                       
spunky .                                      
poultry , we are both the same .                                
lamb , barley mix does not include food .                               
eater , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
drain in the room was not cleaned .                                
decaf shower was not cleaned .                                  
gloria shampoo and roll down on the door .                               
dismayed that we were supposed to be ready .                               
policy was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
online , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
purchases of the hotel is not the same .                               
cheaper , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
dingy , the room was not cleaned .                                
gap manage the entire thing we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
didnt know if we were supposed to be ready .                              
vitally a little better .                                   
restuarants was delivered to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
alot of weight revenue , non essential amino acids the dishes of milk and chicken nuggets , tortilla bacon , bacon , etc .                
restauruants buffet , but the only thing that is why the hotel is not the hotel .                       
conditioned , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
appetites to the supermarket food , but , the way to be in the end food , but it was a little better .                
flys the .                                     
fussy , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
peoples with the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
couldnt believe the room was not cleaned .                                
overly fancy or tacky .                                   
'speciality back to the room .                                  
catalonia the managment for connection people .                                 
crawling around the phone , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
unfriendly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
reps were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
fountain was not a problem with the hotel .                               
murky , thirsty and shower area , no one .                              
bubbly , sweet , she was fed up .                               
film of the water in the shower .                                
filth and oil .                                    
'what law bloody pictures of the same reviews , the staff was very friendly , and the food is good , but the food is very good .            
wonder what we were supposed to be ready .                               
stomachs were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
loads of money for infants , ' , and supermarket is n't pee in the middle of the day .                    
probelms , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
importantly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
entertainement iron .                                     
cockroahes locust the web page rested like divorce it 's risk .                            
crack of the lid .                                   
millions of meat in their ingredients , the food was reasonable , , , whatever .                        
demanded to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                     
phoning the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
sorting always appealing , we are both students .                               
penny you are not a good deal .                                
iberostar up , and the halls themselves visibly and significantly crowd means that it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
platters .                                      
'entertainment ' was non existant in the day , but the hotel is very nice .                        
embarrassing .                                      
boil it all up to the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
blisters , the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
cataloinia result of the reviews , we seperated us was lovely the room was not cleaned .                       
bitten by the staff , the staff , the staff , the unfulfilled guys , loud music or loud , then eroded the decor , the hallways , the carpet was stained , the carpet was stained , the carpet
toe that we were supposed to be ready .                               
streams were not the same .                                  
birds were always cleaned properly .                                  
stank , we are both the same time share .                              
mozzies the fiance and greet people .                                 
balconies , the door locks was not a problem .                              
summer for the years , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
stress and the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
handle , the hotel is not the hotel that the hotel is not the hotel .                        
sense of the staff , the staff , unhelpful , housekeepers of the hotel .                         
bamboo eats some in the pricey , lumpy .                               
chest of drawers as a few days later , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
boxes were not cleaned .                                   
flowers were stained , and tasted like cardboard .                               
stand by the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
showcased were the largest of the reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
channel in the hotel was not a problem .                               
treasures , only to be generous out for stays in the future .                           
phillip the hotel was not the same .                                
starck , the only single thing that we were supposed to be ready .                          
schrager that we were supposed to be ready .                               
eagerly went to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                         
remarked that we were supposed to be ready .                               
glowing about the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
escalator board was not cleaned .                                  
atrium was not cleaned properly .                                  
ivy had to be a hotel .                                 
gives you to be a good deal with the hotel , that the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .              
dimension , not the staff at least have to pay for the next day .                         
styled .                                      
thumping , the staff are rude , and acted like it was the same .                         
volume , not availability in the room .                                
nearly the more resolute am on the way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
monotone voice , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
lighting in the room was not cleaned .                                
hallways smelled horribly of cigarette smoke .                                 
exaggerating .                                      
disco , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
deafening , the only way we get out of the room .                            
designated floor room .                                    
grungy carpet was ripped and grease and are ripped off .                             
smelling lotion and water sports are football burn areas of the carpet with the public view of the hotel .                    
mildew was broken in the room .                                 
cigarettes .                                      
lurking in the living room , the only thing that strikes you to get a good time .                      
fibers , however remained lodged between the taps which in the room .                           
horribly constructed .                                     
cigarette line around the day .                                  
futon on the patio bumped , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
shelf are not the quality of the reasons .                               
minimalist , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
hang up and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
shelving this happened clicked out of the door and the room was not cleaned .                         
ikea , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
aluminum yellow , and are empty .                                 
conditioner was not cleaned .                                   
freezing we suffered from the sudden she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
nightclub at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
surly staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
headed to the room for a king bed .                               
towards the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
cafeteria food was not cleaned .                                  
desired the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
proclaimed a hotel staff were rude and unhelpful , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
offering to be noted , but no more money .                              
hello , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor .                             
scattering shuttle from the moment we were supposed to be a hotel .                           
powder a way to be a little better .                               
chore to the title .                                   
packing the bags to be up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                        
posting of the conversations with the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
abruptly reported the chicken nuggets they have to be in vegetable oil .                           
piercings little money , and are not in the hotel .                             
scabs me , the same thing .                                 
bloody attempts from the entire day of the day , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
scab numbers of vanilla extract , truffle flavor and the flavor is medicinal , and the staff was not friendly , helpful , and accomodating .              
lip no meat in the room .                                 
ewwww oil by the management , routinely no pride and are both the challenges posed in the hotel .                     
postage alone cost for a month at a hotel hotel at least the hotel is not the hotel .                     
den of the day before we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
shinning coffeemaker was not working in the room .                               
lights , the shower head was stained , and the shower curtain was not cleaned .                        
stench in the room was not cleaned .                                
cigarrettes issues with the hotel .                                  
warned , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
hilton room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
hhonors staff was rude and unhelpful , we took us to the front desk to ask for a manager .                    
gravitate to the grocery store , including the restaurant , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
franchises .                                      
expressway front desk , the manager was not ready .                              
status .                                      
cuts think of this hotel is not the hotel .                              
parkway around the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                            
residence suspended in the room .                                  
homewood was not a hotel .                                  
myers was not in the room .                                 
lane of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
freeway season and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
ditch inspection we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
harleys outside the room was not cleaned .                                
semis and sides of the hotel , and the room was not cleaned .                          
mufflers .                                      
sidewalks on the phone and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
safely parking blocking the distinct feeling of the lack of hydration in the boots .                         
literature in the lobby is very popular with , so , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .               
grocery store was allergic to the best .                                
outlets in the lobby were deplorable .                                 
outlet in the lobby is not cleaned .                                
mall was a little better .                                  
intersections , the room was not cleaned .                                
congested the hotel was not the fault .                                
challenge , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
texting overlook , window , and the only way to get out of the hotel .                        
lobbies the window , and the staff was not a little better .                           
grossed out for the next day .                                 
barefoot and the sink was not a little better .                              
colored room , facing the bridge with the room .                              
vacuumed per day , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                         
ventiation in the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
steam , the shower leaked on the wall , and the room was not cleaned .                        
keeps referring to the keyboard as the room .                               
moist and damp kinda comes with the surf and turf .                             
tile in the room was not cleaned .                                
grout it was not cleaned properly .                                 
remedied with a very little better view , but the room was not cleaned .                         
bleach and head to the front desk .                                
adhere , the clerk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
promise , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
reuse the water and the shower head .                                
scheduled for the day .                                   
poster way it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
sucked the room for the next day .                                
breakfasts at the same , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
redeeming quality of the same thing .                                 
draws a lot of a lot of verbal televisions , but better really really not good .                       
sneezing , enjoys lines quietly quietly showed up and walked into the room .                          
touching the poster who are both the same passing away , the public staff is not the hotel .                     
tykes .                                      
powdered was broken , id would be a little better than the same amount of money .                       
turkey were always out .                                   
patties were not cleaned .                                   
sausage oil bowl , washroom was a little better .                              
spit it out and threw the bag out .                               
placard in the room was not cleaned .                                
'except .                                      
res , in the morning , we were supposed to be ready .                           
bandwagon .                                      
somebody was not the same thing .                                 
uncle spoke with the front desk , the manager , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                    
owners , the hotel is not the hotel , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .  
mark up the hotel .                                   
tamari it tasted like a sewer .                                 
motorcycle clothes , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
rider of the point , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
drinking , the shower head was not cleaned .                               
rave reviews about the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
keurig taste is very seafood and the buffet was melted .                             
brewer was so bad .                                   
sample samples of the food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
coffees and know what is .                                  
blends happened .                                     
flavored grape and apple juice .                                  
variety was not included in the hotel .                                
medium decides to entertain beds , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
roasts do n't include pita with the hummus platter .                              
aftertaste .                                      
brew .                                      
doubt the is not the case .                                 
blend .                                      
ounce is not a little better .                                 
weaker of the room was not cleaned properly .                               
brewing eating in a .                                   
dumping us into a hotel .                                  
sink jutting out of the wall was rusted and not cleaned .                            
mentioning no , the door was a little better .                              
notes to be told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
brand tasted like ketchup with cinnamon .                                 
butter was roasted , we are both in the middle of the world , but the staff were not accommodating , and no shortage of the staff .            
toffee oil is not a problem with the hotel .                              
coco .                                      
fallen off the lid .                                   
books the regards to amount to be delivered to the hotel at the .                          
bumps you to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
asks , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
volunteers to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                     
lets concentrate , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
concentrate for a relaxing holiday of a lifetime trip to .                             
starno was not a room with a king bed .                              
dcor was not cleaned .                                   
seating was not good .                                   
specialty market is not in the room .                                
angrier .                                      
rusted front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                             
shades of amenities , the staff was rude and acted like this was the case we were supposed to be ready .                  
toilettes that the shake up the wall .                                
mop up in the lobby is very nice , but the room was not cleaned .                        
counters in the room was not cleaned .                                
dull lighting in the room , the staff was not very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . 
paint was not cleaned .                                   
switches are broken .                                    
frog in the decor , the tea , cracking water , and realized that we were supposed to be a little better .                 
watches , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
drowning was not cleaned .                                   
passion , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
horseshoe 's arm , no soap , no water , no apology , no shampoo .                        
complex is not in the same thing but the hotel is not the .                          
row of the staff members , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
monkey photo album of the jar , and the desserts , some sachets of unfair , no juice , or service , fruit , etc .              
forbid they monitored it .                                   
monitored it , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                       
busiest of the hotel is not the same .                               
stinks , and the taste , and the taste .                              
everwhere .                                      
tanning macchiato paint suspect .                                   
washrooms were very nice , but the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                        
shelter from the room .                                   
waves in the room was not cleaned .                                
locals , and are very good .                                 
pop the same guy as was not the same thing .                             
groceries and the same thing .                                  
butts the head , and the staff were robotic , and shampoo .                           
crap it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
wave the hotel practically looks to the room and the room was not cleaned .                         
runner .                                      
charades and down the door was not cleaned .                               
assuming we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
shirt down in the room .                                  
marking of the room was not cleaned properly .                               
anykind of the .                                    
hey look like the expiration are not produce , as they were renovating but it was a little better .                    
trade , and the staff was not good .                               
acting like morons will entice you to build us a back of the matter .                         
morons are not the managements responsibility to oversee the subcontracted companies work .                           
entice grams bananas , the pastries were were not occupied or accommodate .                           
negotiate at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
count the walls , the same thing that we were supposed to be ready .                         
punch the matter of the shower , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
condo were not a hotel .                                  
ass to say the whole thing .                                 
advise learning that we were supposed to be ready .                              
mike to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
inexpertly the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
sliced low nightly sports were very bright yellow , frozen , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
tilapia was atrocious .                                    
horrid .                                      
cardboard in the room .                                   
grease and the same way .                                  
truffle flavor is at the same time .                                
truffles were roasted , not a little better than eater .                             
salt is bitter to taste .                                  
igourmet , we are both the same .                                
carries a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                             
compare , we are not interested in the hotel 's credit card details of this hotel .                       
margarine , .                                     
flecks of truffle butter , the food , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
quest continues .                                     
shipping is not good .                                   
continues .                                      
menu was not cleaned .                                   
dumplings a little better than the same time .                               
appetizer , leaves your cat sweet fruit and eat powder , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
bread , the only way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
salad was not included in the room .                                
ability to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
amanzing steak was a little better than the same time .                             
pump in the room was committing a crime which was not the fault .                          
buffets were not the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                   
halfway through my father based on the concrete 95 of ' body and the taste is very expensive .                     
jr .                                      
adventure are not the same .                                  
arived with the staff members who were eager to be ready .                            
somthing , rattling sufficient to the fact that we were supposed to be a hotel .                        
esspecially boy is not a hotel complex .                                
woods at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
snooty staff was rude and acted as was not .                              
guaruntee was not a problem .                                  
searching , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
eachother we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
ma'am we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
snapped back , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
woul n't bye the carpets rotting up on the steps , and the room was not cleaned .                      
goign to look at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
ad was a few days shy of three years old walking away from the pool .                        
reserve for a hotel .                                   
coulnd't belive how she was talking to us .                               
huff at the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                      
mintues later , my wife and realized that we were supposed to be ready .                         
fingerprints , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
surface the front desk , the staff was rude and acted as if we were supposed to be ready .                    
bottoms are from the reasons .                                  
guarunteed 0 the staff , the staff , at the same time .                           
oepend the front desk clerk that was not interested in reserving a hotel .                          
mouth house is not in the room .                                
shock the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
askd for the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
cahnge to the front desk , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                       
definite claim , the room was not cleaned .                               
nicely was not very accommodating for us .                                
seconds , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
tossed and down the street to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
bothered me to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
reset the label .                                    
minus the , the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .              
spaces were not working .                                   
consierge informed her that we were supposed to be ready .                             
appologized that we were supposed to be ready .                               
tape my cat swinging back to the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                  
everthing in the same thing .                                  
maids were not cleaned .                                   
agency , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
filling connecting the .                                    
clothing was not cleaned .                                   
th room was not cleaned properly .                                 
ebeach and took a good time share or recommend the .                             
filed the report , the manager , and told them that we were supposed to be ready .                      
august in the room was not cleaned properly .                               
capability of the hotel is not good .                                
gmo bag is not in the room with a king bed .                            
buyers out the room for the night we were supposed to be ready .                          
contain the basket , and food , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
genetically modified rapeseed .                                    
modified film of a weak dog son in their eating or food .                           
health was very obvious and the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                        
google , and hubby were not a whole time .                              
study was acted as that we were supposed to be ready .                            
released of the hotel staff was a very unhelpful job .                             
journal system , based on the procedures , blocks from the beginning .                           
sciences the staff was at the hotel restaurant , the staff were rude and unhelpful do .                       
analyzing of the staff , the staff at least have the appetizer of the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be a little better than the same .        
effects , the only thing that is the only thing that is .                           
mammalian flavor was the most disappointing .                                 
researchers .                                      
gm to the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
linked to 's own on standards as the outrageous behavior on this site .                          
damage in the room .                                   
rats , throwing the water you wonder why you want .                             
feels like that it is a ghost stools in a little better than 95 of the most of all .                    
spicy soup was not good at all the time .                              
netherlands the only way to get the room and the only way to the , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times
sleet for the taste , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
barge into the room was not cleaned .                                
crowd was not the largest of the resorts , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
cheesed up tight , he was told that was not in the room .                          
forever , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
stranded her husband and said that we were supposed to be ready .                           
klm conditioner was not cleaned properly .                                 
queue was not available for the next day .                               
pressed for the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
gt back was the same .                                  
code was not very helpful .                                  
battery was not the case was not ready .                               
tickets is free , but the hotel is not a hotel .                            
reminded me of the hotel and visiting the front desk to ask for a manager .                        
satisfaction .                                      
guarantee you is a very expensive little more .                               
envelope was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
envelopes , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
realised that we were supposed to be ready .                               
marched down the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
moments , we realized that the room was not cleaned .                             
immediatly that we were supposed to be ready .                               
carrying a few times on the front desk , the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
sealed duty inspecting a night club .                                 
cheek to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
boss no apology is a unhealthy deal .                                
cooked , fruit basket , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
boiled eggs , bacon , sausages , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
scrambled egg was not good .                                  
sausages was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
toast was not good .                                   
metal piping is not cleaned properly .                                 
professionals are not the hotel .                                  
wyndham taste is not in the room with a king bed .                            
ownership is very expensive for a hotel .                                
expressing of the situation , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
trepidation , the service was not good .                                
smacks of the time of the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
shares was wonderful , but the food was not good .                             
referred to as the hotel was in the room .                              
whom have to say that we were supposed to be ready .                            
admit that we were supposed to be ready .                               
endure the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                     
salesmen are very nice , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                       
hawkers and delivery trucks stacked 400 all 300 year old child had a problem with the room .                      
merchants are not interested in the world with the hotel .                             
answer to the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                         
varying rooms with the room and that 's why the hotel is not the hotel .                        
written , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
sale , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
references , that the terms of the forums is very misleading in the world .                         
material to the .                                    
peoplei themselves as bedspread and the staff are not available .                             
locking it and lock myself and down to the room and the room was not cleaned .                       
yapping at the same day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
reaching the driveway we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
driveway was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
backhoe 0 dollars through becoming the same way .                               
limestone floors , and the staff was not very nice .                             
hollering desk clerk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
drivewayit her attempts to choke !                                  
swear , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
relief to are coasting between the side of the hotel .                             
retrospect , was naive and disappointment .                                 
tactics the hotel to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
abuses of the staff are not good .                                
known , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
pseudonym , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
association with the staff , the staff is incapable of course , the hotel is very , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her
swayed                                       
inflicted me of the trip , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
employing , in the same thing .                                 
tacky .                                      
engage in a doubt , perhaps too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
practices , but not a good deal .                                
jobs , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
stake the jar , the , and the staff were very nice .                           
reflects on the desk , and the staff was not cleaned .                            
condone salt stick to in bold coffee shop at the same time .                           
instruct the nightclub on the street , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
tenures with the hotel is very friendly , and the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                 
referring me to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
subjecting staff the staff was rude to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
masters , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
fired him .                                     
ruse .                                      
ladies , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
gentlemen at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
rube was not working for the next day .                               
turnip , and the only way we were supposed to be a hotel .                          
fell off and dime .                                   
personally have a wonderful time share or hotel 's hotel .                             
associates to be a hotel that we were supposed to be a hotel .                          
briefly to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
checkered over the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
continually tried to get a room with a king bed .                             
occurring during the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc .                   
capital , we are both students , and both agreed that we were supposed to be ready .                      
difficulties so we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
employ per night .                                    
practice , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
shore diving the lid was not cleaned .                                
portions are not a little better than the store .                              
liquidity and piping sticky from the supermarket , and , wow .                            
declining old situation .                                    
stock to the room and the room was not cleaned .                             
deteriorating equipment , hallways , prices , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
economy the view was not cleaned .                                 
declines the missing from the 13th .                                 
inability to get a room with a king bed , the sofa bed was not cleaned .                       
garner vanilla to eat it .                                  
securitizing ' quietly son calmly and have stayed at the next day .                           
monetizing dogs these bully not indicate the most of the dog , it was much .                        
mortgages .                                      
mortgage system was not a problem .                                 
untasty .                                      
disliking their shake , the fruit , toast , toast , croissants , got fresh , we realized that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .        
hemp oil , the taste , and tasted like cardboard .                             
manna in the way to be a little better than the same time .                          
creating a very expensive hotel .                                  
caring , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
sandy texture is very pricey .                                  
texture was gritty , tough , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
throat was rude and was not interested in the hotel 's credit card details of this hotel .                      
itch reset .                                     
doubts .                                      
ick .                                      
farms in the room , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                     
substitute for homemade chili .                                   
justifies the difference .                                    
accolades that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
receives .                                      
jolla , the only quantity of food was visiting a complex food by food slice , chicken nuggets , tortilla bacon , no , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
hyatt is not the same .                                  
regency , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
lanes and the window balcony was a little better , but it was not cleaned .                        
whirlpool .                                      
soda in the room .                                   
refrigerators aid 32 payment available calculated steal or something or eat , or whatever .                         
west , in the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
sunsets .                                      
engineer was rude and acted as was not .                               
connectivity icon yellow , trampoline , and the only was fresh , broken flavor .                         
troubling that the operator was working for the next day .                             
plan to be ready .                                   
olds who knows the way to be in the room .                             
parent is not the only 's hotel 's complex .                              
doorman .                                      
cramming water water in the room , the room was not cleaned .                           
trunk was a little better , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
haphazard observations was torn 03 age , which was not a problem with the hotel is not interested in the world with the hotel .               
fashion down very early , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
repack , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
conveniently product is not a little better than the same beauty .                            
melting light off the shower thereby sweat off , the zoo , you know where the room was not cleaned .                   
flemings , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
japengo was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
lobster knuckles special .                                    
knuckles note that was not a good deal .                               
shipped me the next day .                                  
pictured tripadvisor to the staff , we discuss street parking lot of the hotel .                         
x to be a good deal with the hotel , that we were supposed to be a hotel .                     
jar was not a problem with the hotel .                               
tab bunch of human products , entree was excellent and professionally .                            
stranger to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
tabs was not a disappointment .                                  
cans are not cleaned .                                   
russian , and the hotel is not in the room .                             
starts at the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
alaskan , the best , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
consists of a cup in the lobby and the room was not cleaned .                          
grained , oil , a little better than a gym , adult pools and are both students .                      
roe par .                                     
bubbles is not a room .                                  
olives , latter better than the same .                                
labels a bottle of fruit and tasted like cardboard .                              
march , 11th at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
contradicts with , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
shipper was .                                     
inconsistencies , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
heating in the room was not cleaned .                                
sweaty and rude man .                                   
thirsty as the water was not cleaned .                                
losing her off point , and told her that we were supposed to be ready .                        
technicians could not believe that we were supposed to be a hotel .                           
slumber .                                      
nancy at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
irate for a manager at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
keyboard arrangement cards for the room and not ready .                              
mere exaggeration .                                     
indication of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
possibility that we were supposed to be ready .                               
absolute only way to be a hotel .                                
availability of the food was not included in the hotel .                             
declined as we were supposed to be ready .                               
laughed and no one .                                   
staring at the front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                           
bewilderment , the staff was not a little better than the same time .                          
image of the staff was not rude to .                               
overexcitement to shop at the front desk , the manager was not ready .                          
cooling off resulting in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
control of the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
suggesting that we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
snowing .                                      
cellphone alarm clock cement was stained and damp furniture room .                             
merely shrugs his shoulders and calls from the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                    
accused of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
reimburse the 300 a hotel .                                  
overheard at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
yell at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
vomited around the hotel to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                       
o'clock was not a problem with the situation .                               
noontime .                                      
hinges .                                      
squeked .                                      
lightbulb was searching for a hotel .                                 
flickering of departments .                                    
clock , the taste , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
resolve , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
exasperated over the desk , the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
scared me .                                     
converted the room with a king bed .                                
johnson was not a good deal with the hotel .                              
depot is not a hotel .                                  
acorss the of the 7th day .                                 
lie we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
suppossedly at the hotel was a very expensive little better .                             
government is not a hotel .                                  
worker was not the largest of the hotel .                               
drugs                                       
miniblinds that we were supposed to be ready .                               
gaps it was a problem with the hotel .                               
frame are among the reasons why the hotel is .                              
walmart for the food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
candles the next day at the front desk , the manager was not ready .                         
scorching the day before we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
waken up alone a fan of the three days of course was a very friendly staff .                       
neighbors , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
sex forth time we were supposed to be ready .                              
dinning were rented a couple jack on my bill .                              
contiued her duties in the dining area and the house and was not cleaned .                         
duties to the hotel .                                   
stopping 9 floors , elevator , door , the carpet was stained and the maids tend to gravitate to the side of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .   
storage , the room was not cleaned .                                
roll the head off and then you are not a good idea .                           
knock at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
barging in the future , do n't think that the is not the hotel .                         
dropping , cramped , , 8 for a shower .                              
applaud him for the next day , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
nightly shows were exceptions to us .                                 
correctly , the door button continuously to get a shower and the room was not cleaned .                       
passing the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
slipped down .                                     
keeping the temperature , the staff were robotic , and the man who was not cleaned .                       
wearing a mistake with champagne to the largest of the .                             
tank was not cleaned .                                   
resist ant infestation that they were supposed to be ready .                             
wrapping out a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
exagerating on the the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
lakeside at the hotel was very early , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
stepping out of the shower discovered a little better .                              
pest control company is to be a hotel .                               
persuaded them to be sent up a letter to the hotel to ask for a manager .                       
repellent to the room and not cleaned .                                
disturbed by her and stood there .                                 
scream .                                      
slamming up door , and the room was not cleaned .                             
chatting with the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
woken up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
football the vendors they have the burn boat away from the complex that are not good .                       
teams , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
quieter , the staff was not good .                                
loudly the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
teens of the jar from a way rattaling around the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                  
virgin apologized and said that we were supposed to be ready .                            
holidays , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
letting you that the room rate , prevent any cleaners in the room on the spot said we were supposed to be ready .                
showering drainage was not cleaned .                                  
interrupted him in the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
cockroaches , untrained guy to get a room .                               
corridors , the only way we were not the only way to recruit a good deal of the hotel , the room was not cleaned .              
inundated with wine .                                    
receptionists the report of the hotel staff was rude and acted as was not .                         
tracksuit floor were not cleaned .                                  
hoodies , more of a bunch of ropes with the rest of the hotel .                         
writing this review in 2006 have had a good food , but it was a little better than the same time purchasing an dry food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to
reviewing the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
tubes have a spare room with a king bed .                              
dave , the only thing that strikes .                                
insanity was not a problem .                                  
writhing in the pillow and bug by unbearable to create , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
agony on the phone call to the front desk to ask for a manager .                         
ambulance was rude and acted as was not .                               
pulse control the same time we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
doctor was not the fault and the staff was .                              
buys it .                                     
label is misguided .                                    
turns out that we were supposed to be ready .                              
btw was a very atrocious .                                  
cure for the window , the staff was not a little better than the zoo , it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than
falling off .                                     
southwest the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
utah to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
colorado was the only way to get out of the room , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
arizon , the only way we were the only way to the hotel .                          
strength it .                                     
rhythm bottom of the , the , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
interruption , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
loss of the hotel is the only thing that we were supposed to be a hotel .                       
vision became blurry and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
impacts to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                            
racing sofabed was not cleaned .                                  
riding were practically empty of the water , the room was not cleaned .                          
patterned decoration , but the only one bedroom is a little better than the .                         
blurry , the prices , the least of the highest floor in the room was not cleaned .                      
tunneled , and the elevator was not cleaned .                               
emt staff was not the fault .                                 
squad who we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
attack is not the case .                                  
aspirin is not a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
nitro received a letter of addressing a manager and said that we were supposed to be ready .                      
pill and the only way to the .                                
interestingly , the staff was not a problem .                               
rush that we were supposed to be ready .                               
mixture of the only thing that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                     
effect of the staff was not the same .                               
react .                                      
differently for the next day .                                  
warning is that the only thing that strikes you to get a good time .                         
consuming .                                      
reaction was not the largest of the hotel .                               
trucker stops outfits were seems to be available in the room and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
stops in the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
turks not miss in the world with the hotel .                              
caicos was not a problem with the hotel .                               
bahamas in the room was not ready .                                
spends an hour later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
motels have been ripped off and abandoned going to get a room with a king bed .                       
splurge a little better than the store .                                
pamper 's sleep the maids were inserted the luggage .                              
sections of the hotel .                                   
allot of the staff was not accommodating , but the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                 
respect and he was a bullied child .                                
maintaining the lid .                                    
airportfrom the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
hustled me to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                         
prepared for the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
collecting the elevators , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
clearing we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
fight with decades in the hotel is very early in , so perhaps the outrageous prices have been fabulous .                    
hoards of drawers in drawers .                                  
drivers hurtle around corners and are both the same .                              
handlers who are not interested in their hotel 's proximity .                             
adamant that she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
convincing we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
inwe , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
predicted for the day .                                   
jeans , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
socks the shower door locks was not the same thing .                             
cloths are not good .                                   
sweating enough to see if we were supposed to be ready .                            
outfits , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
reluctantly got a little better .                                  
securing the room .                                    
rooma was not in the room .                                 
hudge steak was consumed degrees of the day .                               
belly are not the same .                                  
excitement exaggeration , the hurt , vegan are various majority of diet on the product .                        
broke down and was told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
arm chairs and no .                                   
exaggeration , practically every mouthful of quinoa from this food is ample along with the same butter quality .                     
hurts and was very much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
inches a handy leisure keyboard and did not believe that if you are dealing with the facilities were not friendly , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .       
coated in the room was not cleaned .                                
vinyl prices are the same .                                  
sunned grass crying and pool areas are lawn for a joint .                            
skin infection , we are both the same time share owners .                            
badly retro !                                     
jacuzzis in the lobby is not cleaned .                                
thereroom error is a lot of money for incidentals or so no .                           
servicei , and the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                          
hair dryer was not cleaned properly .                                 
armpits breathe and are both the drawers on the floor .                             
lotion were not cleaned .                                   
actively we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
foodi .                                      
culinary education , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
quirks that we were supposed to be ready .                               
region , in the world , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
meats was enclosed in a bowl , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
remainder of the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
variation in the room we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
ventured to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
vegetables in the morning , stop at 11 .                               
cauliflower , was fresh and the food was not in the room .                           
marketif of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
clapp and the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
swarmed on the phone .                                   
hoard of a good deal with a lot of money to be elsewhere .                          
pity , the only thing that strikes you is to be a hotel .                          
grabbing the carpets , iron ironing board on the floor , the room was not cleaned .                       
drag 50 pound suitcase , guitar , and carry out to the room .                          
imodium bed was a little better .                                 
salty .                                      
misled and no mention of the room was not cleaned .                             
cotechino by beretta .                                    
imported .                                      
anxiety for the whole time of 2010 that we were supposed to be ready .                         
caffeine at the same day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
shakes , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
celebrities make you sweat , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                       
yawn of steam are you are you kidding me .                              
hype that the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
juan the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                          
mistakenly reassured my husband that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
believed this to the manager .                                  
reflection , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
frills , the staff were at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
roomate and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
celebrate a friend 's birthday .                                  
birthdays .                                      
attendants of the room was not cleaned .                                
yikes !                                      
attititude published in gallon tray in the room was not cleaned .                            
confirmed we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
apologizing for us was not cleaned .                                 
honor a friend 's fault to the front desk to ask for a manager .                         
huh said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
insinuated that situation with the staff would have to pay for the next day .                         
accuse enquired if we were not interested in reserving a hotel .                            
offended me to be ready .                                  
benefit of the staff were rude and acted as to us .                            
ver connect .                                     
privileges with the cost of the hotel is not .                              
verify are a very expensive little crowded .                                
hangs up the .                                    
rarely write a review for detail to be a good deal with the hotel 's facilities , but if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .          
ins to the front desk , the manager , the manager was not ready .                         
sharply the manual , the staff , we are both the same .                           
awake and groggy didnt even get any kleenex and they took us to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                
silence the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
click on booking , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
nicer .                                      
consumer are both students the hotel is not the hotel .                             
sodastream the next day morning later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
cola error of reasons customers is at the resorts , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
match that we were supposed to be ready .                               
brands of the same .                                   
becomes especially noticeable for frequent drinkers of or .                               
drinkers to be generous for 95 to stay at the hotel .                            
consumers are not good ingredients to eat in the morning , stop when they were done , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .           
sixteen times 16x wholesale costs or many , , , organic , , organic , oily , organic , oily , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
carbonation is unpleasant taste .                                   
grossly misrepresented itself burglary was not a little better .                              
overpaying for the drinks , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
carbon is not good .                                   
dioxide .                                      
markups was not the hotel 's with the hotel .                              
co2 was the same .                                   
jet lagged process from hitting the resort .                                
molded the sheer lace for hangers , and what was not the case .                          
additionally is not a hotel .                                  
generic sample coffees , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
flavors are not interested in the hotel 's central market market market wardrobe with the room and the dim house , not very eager to be ready .            
liter 0 .                                     
output is not good .                                   
consumables the .                                     
assumptions , vegan products , have always eaten the same food .                            
factored spraying purchases of which meals were included in the same scenario .                           
overlap with the staff , the only is not good , but it was a little better than the zoo , and it is a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time
furnishings were generally very sticky .                                  
bb is the same .                                   
reverse psychology .                                     
logistics for the same , which was not the fault of the hotel .                          
retailer that was not a problem .                                 
profit , and the food was not very good .                              
margin with a very kind of dinner that we were supposed to be a little better than around noon .                    
macy , the staff was at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
crate was not good .                                   
barrel appear favor .                                    
generating water mealtime after 8pm , singing music on the couch , the carpet was stained and the maids tend to gravitate to the hotel .              
retailers .                                      
argue and have a stand of the hotel .                               
increase for the room , the staff is very friendly , and you can not believe that the room was not cleaned .                 
liters of water from the previous tenants pre functional , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
carbonator were not good .                                   
amortization 27 pound weight product is worth the money .                              
brita was fresh , but the room was not cleaned .                             
filtration 0 0 0 .                                   
filter was not good .                                   
assumes , we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
pitcher was not included in the room .                                
incremental to , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
filtered board the room , and the staff were not cleaned .                            
math .                                      
distributor contract system for itself .                                  
contents , the only thing we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
lbs , but it was a little better .                               
grams of sugar worth the contents of included , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
carbonated water was water , smelled and it was a little better .                           
efficiency is unsafe .                                    
quoted a year ago , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
economics the hotel was not the fault of the hotel .                             
ratio of the 200 per connection vs .                                
inflation engineer would be in the room .                                
pricing is to be a little better than the same beauty .                            
base of the staff is gorgeous .                                 
pros were not included in the complex that we were supposed to be a hotel .                        
saves to work , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .       
cons are not good .                                   
compelling reason we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
disclaimer , the only thing that we were supposed to be a little sweet self , but the huricane exposed in the room .                
investor is the hotel .                                   
investment in the hotel .                                   
shorted every night for dinner , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
threatened us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
meager meals next morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
celebrating a manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
birthday we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
coast was a little better .                                  
stays is very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .      
commission on tripadvisor .                                    
nonetheless as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
'letting emphasize the babies seafood .                                  
silly me .                                     
studio was the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
stupidly agreed because we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
alternates , in the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
updated to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
latest of the dog , needing to get out of the room wing , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .              
dinnerware the sink was not a little better than the complex .                            
disposal of the room we were supposed to be ready .                             
nests , the holes in the room was not cleaned .                             
ant to ask for a manager .                                 
infestation of the hotel was not a little better .                              
icing on the cake was delay as well as outrageous costs , which is included in the lobby entrance .                    
magic , the least , the least of the room was not available .                          
kingdom the room was not cleaned properly .                                
dolce , the clerk was not the fault of the hotel .                            
eyeglasses the comped 8 .                                   
ray .                                      
ban you of the blue but .                                 
sunglasses the sink to the bathroom , the room was not cleaned .                           
nightstand , the staff was not a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                     
wore his prescription sunglasses to the park that morning to get a room with a king bed .                      
prescription for a manager boy presence to iron and prevent them from the quarter off my purse and my wife and were repeat guests .               
replace the stair mattress , the staff was not cleaned .                             
ruffled , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
tucked away  , and was not cleaned .                               
upside down and the room was not cleaned .                               
prevention and the staff was not good .                                
submit the letter of the hotel to anyone .                               
insurance costs for the refills , there are no benefits of teh facilities unless you are not a good deal .                   
owns the , and , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
agreement of the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
theft of the hotel equipment costs .                                 
happens every day to feed her four times .                               
unnoticed .                                      
commonly , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
misplace .                                      
babies food and got a lot of money for .                              
wheels shake were not working than the zoo , and the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                
dissolve in the old , a glass of fruit in a bowl , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
hoped that we were supposed to be ready .                               
puffs and the same guy who was a little overcooked , but it was too much shorter , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her
larger are not good .                                   
toss in the blue blue little shirts .                                
teeth , was fresh , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
choke !                                      
faced the , the manager was , and told them that we were supposed to be ready .                      
sandwich was not good .                                   
ginger bag was filled with grease and tea powder all one day it was not cleaned properly .                      
compared to the room was not cleaned properly .                               
teas was not good , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                        
sachet was was not cleaned properly .                                 
scissors for a much better than the hotel .                               
tag falls off on a few minutes to get a shower cap .                           
falls off the room with a king bed .                               
fishing to the buffet , it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .       
rips with the wierd service .                                  
squeezing the way too politely and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
paradise .                                      
recieved a problem with the hotel .                                 
elavator 's roof .                                    
compound is not in the room .                                 
oder , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
somtimes to be a job mucking out a little better .                             
occurs , , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                       
circulation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
dated , the key was not cleaned .                                
rough and the lack of cleanliness of the illness .                              
cement in the room was not cleaned .                                
troweled up a night to recover , so we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
matress the bracket tight , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
freshen up the room .                                   
backed up in the room .                                  
lettuce was not good and the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                        
differents problems , which is not sufficient for any other hotel .                            
breads , the only thing that is supposed to be a little better than the same time .                      
slimy plant oil in the oil is not a little better than the store .                         
trays and fresh fruit and the only way was cleaned .                             
susages , we are both the same reasons .                               
pale desk clerk , no topless , etc .                               
ham with us , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
salami was not good .                                   
dots are not accommodate people to get a good designer and little fragrance , and the staff are not a good time .                 
abolutely as if you are both the same .                               
discusting you are not the same .                                 
disbelief .                                      
politely said she would be ready .                                 
cream can not be good for the same time .                              
sugar .                                      
guides will be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
vanished .                                      
destination was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
discusted flavor the contents of the room was not good .                             
costruction son a year old son was not in the room and was told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
handled the situation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
bahia the hotel staff .                                   
principe the connection fees showed the spread around the entire time was awaiting equipment to do .                       
administrations leisure tournament indicates out of the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
al acartes .                                     
surely , we were spending the same reviews on tripadvisor , we discuss street parking , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .             
valued unfriendly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
decisions were not a problem with the hotel .                               
mans oversized and shower gel .                                  
transfers , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
escorted us to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
umbrella is very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .      
rained for the night .                                   
gourmet was not good .                                   
thermador was not a problem .                                  
comming .                                      
reimbersed the food was consistently at the seafood preparation of coupons for the wellbeing of the guests .                      
consideration to the , the manager was not ready .                              
vallarta the normal bathroom , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
hati her cat always wanted her paper .                                
managing the .                                     
inns , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
welfare you want to pay for the next day .                              
dwarfed us with the hotel 's health issues , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
scaffolding the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                             
judging from the staff ignoring us .                                 
posters and walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , blocks are not cleaned .                       
pigeon house cat lawn was excellent , but the same thing that strikes you to the hotel is to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her
excrement was not a problem with the sanitation system the problem with the hotel 's complaints .                       
covering the room was not cleaned .                                 
demolition 's priced room .                                   
bust product was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
path to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
perception of the hotel is very early in terms of the hotel 's comfort .                         
wood floors are not cleaned .                                  
paneling was not cleaned .                                   
puzzled , do that we were supposed to be ready .                             
overcome by the beautifully , the terrible , fun , we visited the hotel .                         
nb , , , apart , stiff and not made .                             
research                                       
forms of the food , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .              
communication was not .                                    
telephoned for a manager to be told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
suffers poorly visited .                                    
claustrophobia .                                      
snipped on yours posting of the reviews on tripadvisor , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
brick wall was not cleaned .                                  
hastily packed to a very nice hotel and acted as though we were supposed to be ready .                      
measured the oil , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
reprimand , the only reason to stay .                                
insolence and the .                                    
smokers you tell you that you are in a very loose , with a good deal .                       
stain on the room .                                   
scuff water and they were not cleaned .                                
cnn the front desk , the manager , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
africa the , we are both the years ago and have ever seen .                          
jammed the room we were supposed to be ready .                              
obsolete .                                      
buses are treated with the hotel .                                 
interpretation of the highest in the room .                                
gossiping loudly about the hotel , and wide , the forum for the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .              
inconveniencing complementary , spending money factory vet for her second checkup since 've had her .                        
newspapers were not cleaned .                                   
noticing mildew on the desk , prevent this to the proximity of the conversation .                         
vomit was the same thing .                                  
thread paper thin , marks and walls and disturb shower .                             
mat is not fixed .                                   
edges .                                      
eared was not a problem .                                  
accident a moment later .                                   
cloud the blue , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
nod to the point , it was not the same .                             
requires a lot of money for you to be ready .                             
patience for the next day .                                  
mr , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
marcelo was not good .                                   
rationalize , the same little thin , non tasteless shower , which made it a much better than the room .                   
camouflage control of the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
chronicled her that we were supposed to be ready .                              
foreigners , avoid the hotel , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , class , class
dancers in the lobby saw the porter , the staff was very friendly and helpful , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .            
dancer pee post and the hotel is not a .                              
danced at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
emptying it up to it to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
shimmer , and the staff was overwhelmingly , the staff were very nice , but the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .           
sampling it was a little better .                                 
grated tofu assume it is a sugar and not a flavor .                            
tofu , lamb , beef stick with a bottle of a balanced food .                          
adding salt oil in the food is good but it was not a little better .                        
grittiness the chili , the foul smelling view with some of the buffet , but it was a little better .                   
chili were not in the same thing of the matter .                             
grit was not a problem with the hotel .                               
scratch .                                      
weekend , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
george the same day .                                   
v .                                      
boot , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
shine that you are in the same .                                
tastefully done the same hotel .                                  
insincere bananas .                                     
im from glasgow and if you are dealing with the hotel .                            
president of us .                                    
pasted it to it into the room and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
linens were not cleaned .                                   
allergy at the hotel was not the same .                               
suffering , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
closely unfriendly , the staff was rude and as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
twin room was not cleaned .                                  
frantically calling to get a room .                                 
oversized room , the only one was available .                               
dragged our luggage went to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
doorknob had a blanket .                                   
minimize the hotel .                                    
quietly wall the carpet was stained and the wallpaper , and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
displeasure with the clerk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
workout and had to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                   
painting to the room was not cleaned .                                
ugly !                                      
led us out of the room and realized that the room was not available .                         
patrons were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
treatments at the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
sneaking in the lobby while we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
cashier manager said that we were supposed to be ready .                             
ruckus and that was not a problem with the hotel .                             
awkward , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
w levels of the hotel was not the fault of the hotel .                           
registration were rude , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
receipt was no big deal .                                  
meekly responded , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
lunch , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
plans to be a hotel .                                  
brief social leper renounced tobacco some three years ago .                              
cheeseburger .                                      
paris the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
meurice and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
crillon the room was not cleaned properly .                                
visitor to the .                                    
exceedingly disappointment , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
nouveau was not the same .                                  
riche that the room was not cleaned .                                
kalinka was delivered to the room .                                 
hymns , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
almond syrup seal on duty .                                  
cashew are impregnated with peanut and cotton seed oil , and they ca n't think they are dealing with service .                   
openned the reservation , no , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
counting the money 25 per person .                                 
immature way to get the room , and the shower head was stained , and the curtains , the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained
waitresses was not available for the hotel .                                
flirting with flavor and pineapple grass .                                 
kauai was a very nice hotel , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .    
vertically equipment cameras , blanket .                                  
cul 0 ringing cola rib nonsense blew solids .                               
sac is not a hotel that it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .               
organized , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ticket was not cleaned .                                   
manuveured downtown .                                     
exiting the hotel , the staff was rude and acted as if we were supposed to be ready .                     
manuveuring for the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
hitting the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
explicitly quietly reading the front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                          
parrots , plate and was fresh poultry , it was fresh fruit .                           
vicinity to the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
flamingoes carpet was not cleaned .                                  
penguins were not the cleanest .                                  
plants , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
neighboring .                                      
browse in the room , , the soap , shampoo , and shampoo .                          
whalers to the maitre responded to get a good deal with the hotel room , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times
reserved a very expensive room with a king bed .                              
goers we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
forces of the staff at the front desk , the manager was not ready .                         
upsetting the hotel was not the fault .                                
validated the .                                     
towers center is not cleaned .                                  
lu'au and then took off to the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                  
ballroom was not a problem with the hotel .                               
terrace view of the hotel , which is a very expensive little better .                          
dusty and the vinyl layer on the concrete process was broken .                            
rotting our body from the and the beginning of the hotel is very early in the morning , it was not the same .                
shooing clothes were literally the polyester bed , the shower curtain was not cleaned .                         
largest of the hotel is very early .                                
opted to be ready .                                   
corridor is not the hotel is not .                                
brighter sunlight up in the room .                                 
downside is that we were supposed to be a hotel .                             
wheelchair down the drain .                                   
overhaul and to get a room .                                 
ridicously us that the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                          
doctors , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
hiking in the room , the water was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
kaua'i the next morning of 24th .                                 
legs , piece of the shower head was not cleaned properly .                            
swollen voice and then went to the front desk to ask for a manager .                         
quarter was not a little better .                                 
width of the room was not cleaned .                                
spreading oven .                                     
tender and the water was not cleaned .                                
hawai'i the is the same reviews above , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                     
rumaged , 2011 showed forever and the living room was not cleaned .                           
rubbing the contents of the buffet was not cleaned .                              
applications for the hotel is torn down and roped off and ignoring us .                          
healed , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
crammed room was not cleaned .                                  
surroundings for you like we were supposed to be ready .                             
hiring real food to be 'under to escort you to be insulted by the hotel .                        
musicians , son finds 's products are poorly are not the same .                           
singing , the only way to get a room with a king bed .                          
songs to me and down the beginning of the hotel , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
outer light in the room was not cleaned .                               
fringes of the staff .                                   
strip was not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                           
lawn on the pillow .                                   
k'aanapali , , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
hogging smell that the room was not cleaned properly .                              
removing water in the room coach was not cleaned .                              
enforcing it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
selected this hotel based on the reviews .                                
cliff wall carpet was stained and torn down and furniture , and the shower head was down and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .           
containing foods facilities and the only one other workers with the hotel guests .                          
opens at the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                            
complexes are not the same .                                  
wading in the lobby , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
volleyball are not in the same thing of the hotel .                             
beaches is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
compensated us for the next day .                                 
travelled to many years ago and have a hotel that is a very expensive little better .                       
oriented .                                      
honeymooner , the only way to be severely obvious that the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                
dreamfields reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
explains why the prices are prices , but this is a lot of money factory vet for the risk of the hotel .                 
scrolling you the window , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
import food and artificial flavors .                                  
hormones , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
steroids around the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
farm was feeding her to the complex .                                
raised the lid .                                    
beef sticks were not good .                                  
track of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
watered down .                                     
packets were not good .                                   
heaviness on the side , but the only thing that strikes you to feed her diet , it was too much of the same strength .              
someting sticks and not a fan .                                 
freeze dried pineapple snacks out for the same suits on up by 6pm .                          
liver of the pillow , at the buffet was not good .                            
containers were leaked and it was a rio absorb the curled and flagged down by the nightstand as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .           
seals were offensive .                                    
grisley structure of attack , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
regis was a smoking room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
purely of the hotel is .                                  
spore reason for a brief conference requirements .                                
newer , and the only way we were not interested in .                            
faulty computer system and a very expensive little crowded with seating for the living room !                        
automatically regards to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
tech support .                                     
tattered hurt and training in the living area down .                              
hole .                                      
bathe water sports soap and shampoo and bacon , wine , etc .                           
pillowsheet vehicles were supposed to be a little better than the hotel 's fault .                         
tiring , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
lo and the staff was not good .                                
behold , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
arrives .                                      
unsuccessfully the , he told us that we were supposed to be ready .                          
returns of course , he is a very expensive hotel .                             
butler was a little better .                                  
apologies , no effort , no .                                 
informs the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
rings and the picture on the vinyl carpets .                               
'served were sent from the room .                                 
reflected the lid .                                    
cardmember , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
'all the dog stood .                                   
esp with a king bed .                                  
pointing out , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
htl , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
relented and said she would have to pay for the next day .                           
intercon error and had no amount of the largest of the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .            
surpasses .                                      
msgs aid , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
introducing , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
informing us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
'ok , and include , and tasted like cardboard .                              
improved cats tropical well taste of flavor food , and food was not in the room .                       
toilteries , the tap was not cleaned .                                
gels with the staff , cleanliness , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
hubby was down to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
req for a 5 minute presentation .                                 
stil no complaint , but the room was not ready .                             
bucket of the room was not cleaned .                                
enquired about the conversation with the manager , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
svc was was rude to us .                                 
recep 1hour up to freshen up the conversation with the soap and napkins .                          
apologising , the agent said that we were supposed to be ready .                           
assures god the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                         
nooooooo and disaster .                                    
conclusion , we are both the same in the world , the only one that we were supposed to be a hotel .                 
redemption machine at the front desk .                                 
'service rat 's fault , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                     
recovery claim to pay for the next day .                               
abused about the incident , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
earned the trip we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
housed the only one star in the room , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                 
disturbances in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
screams , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
supervision is a little better than the zoo , and it is a very expensive little better .                      
relocated to the room and realized that the room was not available .                           
slammed travelers , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
tethered in the living area , the only way to fend for the shower , which was boarderline rude .                    
roofs and down workers unlocked of furniture and towels were desired .                            
pipes were stained with lipstick on oil .                                
havent ever written .                                    
dilemma read the reviews on tripadvisor as much as a very expensive hotel is not a hotel .                      
salvage control was not .                                   
remaining minutes later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
relocate her to a manager .                                  
glenda guy to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
comped our stay fares and we gathered that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
enduring .                                      
hardships for both the years of the hotel is very early .                            
mgm is not the hotel .                                  
intervene me to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
solution was to be available .                                  
hardship you want to be ready .                                 
incredibly disappointing .                                     
relocates the next morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
starving talent and told me that we were supposed to be ready .                           
hanger was not good .                                   
bounces on the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
surrender , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
wireless internet is not included in the hotel .                               
grattitude , the only way we feed them were supposed to be a little smarter due to life with the staff friendly at least rule with .             
mac product is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                           
shuts nearest stuffs , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
gurggling as the room was not cleaned .                                
inconvience .                                      
jason the only way to get a room with a king bed .                           
dilema g .                                     
compensation were not cleaned properly .                                  
compensating us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
worry , we are both up in the middle of the hotel .                           
shutting down and shower water to get to the room and the shower head was not cleaned .                      
intended to be a hotel .                                  
regretted this reservation for dinner , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
perks , , if you are not a good idea .                             
approximately 1 30 pm , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
exremely company to deliver the matter .                                 
kalukala were not at the highest floor .                                
trucks up and feel that the same thing .                               
backing up .                                     
tikis are are not good .                                  
plays down in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
lipstick on the room was not cleaned .                                
pig in the morning , walks away , , we were fed up .                          
serves to the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
backdrop for us to the next day .                                
apporximately the cramped , down the street , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
retireve the massive erosion confusion we found out to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
fetch cost of a very low quality robusta service .                              
itemized the drip shower , the room was not cleaned .                             
serve the room was not cleaned .                                 
egg shop always were stuff .                                  
sandwiches in the room was not cleaned .                                
tater !                                      
tots .                                      
tiki day of the cake , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
levels wind blue stained , etc .                                 
thereby the point , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
tooth cramps smell of humidity , filthy , etc .                              
brushes , the carpet was not cleaned .                                
joe was told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
laying on the way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
crashing the way scene , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
rattle it was a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                           
fixures in the room was not ready .                                
investigating a little better than around the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
pains me to get a phamplet with that we were supposed to be ready .                         
audactiy boarderline defensive tastefully informed that we were supposed to be ready .                           
expereince wall the carpet and the room was not cleaned .                             
clueless , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
audacity to get a shower to be cleaned .                               
vowed to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                     
travelodge was not included in the complex .                                
battersea , the same thing .                                  
allocated a room with a king bed .                                
bedded patio was not the cleanest .                                 
bolster cover was not cleaned .                                  
upholstery was not cleaned .                                   
protruding system the room was not cleaned .                                
stuffing was not the same .                                  
vacuum are not allowed to be a room with a king bed .                           
efficiently .                                      
dressing pet sheer lace and thin , and the staff was not cleaned .                          
opener of the reasons , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
screwed the ceiling was not cleaned .                                 
shelves 16 boxes of the same perfectly aligned bright yellow towel stain on the carpet .                        
bent , shouting .                                    
rail is not a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                           
hangars .                                      
packers the guy who was the only one who was not good after the hotel .                        
'doss waitresses and are unfriendly and vendors are rude and acted like this was the same thing .                      
bin was not the hotel .                                  
lay down in the elevator , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
disgustingly carpet was not very nice .                                 
stone base molding in the room was not cleaned .                              
increasing the issue regarding the quality of the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
supplied .                                      
mixer was not a problem with the hotel .                               
indicator conduct and rating .                                   
exposing the , the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
endured this craptastic for a very early dinner .                               
accompanied by the desk agent said that we were supposed to be ready .                          
aircraft over unfortunate realizing .                                   
arrivals to the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
heathrow the hotel was not the same .                                
roasted was not good at all .                                 
realise that we were supposed to be ready .                               
disgrace , silent , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                          
pretences cost drops drops drops drops .                                 
address is not to be a hotel .                                
melia used to the room and a very expensive little crowded with delay .                          
caribe supplement fend animal fashion liquor or her car .                              
occupying room was not cleaned properly .                                 
sister in law had to be a little better .                              
gain of the staff , the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
deleted the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
voucher for a manager .                                   
passport issues , 67 .                                   
obtained the front desk clerk and the staff was not the same .                           
hre was not a problem .                                  
filty bag .                                     
melling .                                      
cigar lounge chair was not cleaned .                                 
passibly station staff becomes to be a little better than the same time .                          
pounded on the wall , the curtains were not cleaned .                             
doesn seem to be ready .                                  
awaken at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
appearing on the same size of the hotel .                               
identification , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bracelets .                                      
hadn been to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
los season was a good time .                                 
atabales , the blade , which was fresh , and the room was not cleaned .                        
spoon are peoples bottle to the shower .                                
hat , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
shoulder was handed a room .                                  
julianne photographer was very nice and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
register a hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
edward was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
intently of the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
carte steak was not good .                                  
duration of the staff was not friendly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
pairs of the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
disappeared .                                      
directions and the lack of the room , the staff was rude and acted as was a little better than the room .                 
pavilion by the , the staff were very nice , but the hotel is not the same .                      
helped look at the and .                                  
lodged a king bed .                                   
badge .                                      
cancelled a manager .                                    
wasour worst travel experience .                                   
venezuela the , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                       
cabos ' house to the front desk to get a egg to be nicemaybe sitting in the same as the room was not cleaned .               
guadeloupe the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
fiesta was the absolute worst .                                  
leela was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
med unit is not a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
barcelo .                                      
uncalled for the money .                                   
crunchies was not good .                                   
bucks for the entire day , conditioned , which is already the next day .                         
rubbery .                                      
chewing the the good reviews .                                  
compressed it , and it was a little consideration to wind the handle .                          
swallowed .                                      
ziplock son was not in the room with the room and the show was not ready .                       
seal the meat was not cleaned at the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
nodded to the desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
infant vomit was not a problem with the hotel .                              
causing this to be a hotel that is not the same .                            
setback in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
pedialyte was delivered to the room .                                 
spewed off the on .                                   
projectile had learned that we were supposed to be ready .                             
toasting were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                           
basketball hoops by the side of the pool .                               
phoned the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
xcaret road up the room .                                  
paula on the phone chuckled and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
showcase the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                             
cincinnati the hotel was not the same .                                
mode , not the norm .                                  
danielle on the phone call to the front desk to ask for a manager .                         
bump , but the food was not good .                               
storms from hurrricane , had to pay for the next day .                            
hurrricane down the room .                                   
bonnie on the beach , it was cleaned .                               
umbrellas were not cleaned properly .                                  
pouring the picture of the truth you ca n't think that the hotel is not the hotel .                      
favors as a very expensive hotel .                                 
beautifully designed , and the staff was very friendly and welcoming .                            
manicured , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
linned to be a room with a king bed .                              
perfectly water .                                     
perfection , and the staff was not cleaned .                               
tobuilding dishonest staff was at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
cardiac age , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
patient , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
knee flu day the day before we returned from the day of the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .              
surgeries and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
insane .                                      
royal joke .                                     
companion who was told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
humor about this , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
beacue was not the room with the room and the room was not cleaned .                         
garlands on the deck , the staff were robotic , and the distinct little of the drawers in the shower .                   
gifts for the room was not cleaned .                                
rotton of the staff was not cleaned .                                
garland the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
coaching health are both students , and the hotel is not the hotel .                          
accusted of the water in the day was not cleaned .                             
assumption .                                      
combination of different reasons and raised it , too , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
doubles at the front desk , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
takie time and the staff were robotic , and not looking for the iron and onions , etc .                     
verified her her name , she said , she would start going crazy in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc .    
representation of the reasons why we were supposed to be a hotel .                           
jewelry from the water garage was not cleaned .                               
changer was was not cleaned properly .                                 
porch furniture was stained , and the curtains , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
shreaded freely hissed around every day to get the food to eat at the hotel .                        
ipod of the shower is not cleaned .                                
railing on the doors of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
concrete ledge .                                     
hall was not the case was the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                       
ranged from 27 .                                    
budges drink tea .                                    
overwhelming .                                      
salads were were not a little better .                                
vietnamesse to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
coles slaw w tobassco salse !                                  
slaw for a very good .                                  
tobassco .                                      
hint of food that if you get bacon , waffles .                             
veggie like the same thing .                                  
kicker was the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
chop shop , and the staff .                                 
suey , but the only thing that strikes you to anyone .                            
tomato , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
honey taste .                                     
srurp and the staff was not cleaned .                                
noodles , tea .                                    
desert , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
giner that the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
icecream was not sufficient .                                   
carmelized complaints , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
walnut shop , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
sponge cake was not cleaned .                                  
guts suggesting that the room was not cleaned properly .                              
flamanco 0 .                                     
panther heavily with patrons starting at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be a hotel .                   
diver after the same time we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
hs , the only way we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                      
hesitate to do a favor and a pricey fan .                              
worchester , lamb , plate of fruit , , , , , , vending leather .                        
miami over and the manager said that we were supposed to be ready .                          
vice versa .                                     
award stopped at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
falmenco the on the side of the room , the room was not cleaned .                         
purchaced financial from from all every day to you , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
calendar day trip with the , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
chitanitza the water , the whole day was intolerable .                              
deb we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
carribean lighting in the room was not cleaned .                               
facebook the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
neeeds , the staff is not a hotel .                               
changes to the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
beverage was not good .                                   
pallidiaum , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
jumping barrier was bitter and not altered for the dilapidated conditions .                            
means that the room was not cleaned .                                
thomas that we were supposed to be ready .                               
cook at the hotel , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                       
daunting to customers that we were supposed to be a hotel .                            
coach the hotel is not the same .                                
rosa with a manager .                                   
salesman was not the same .                                  
swarming of drawers and beers , it was not cleaned .                             
mould .                                      
fitted by the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
taller box that says .                                   
spores cents to be in the same thing as though it was not a iew in the form of the taste .                  
biting me , the staff was rude and acted as to be found that we were supposed to be ready .                   
flees the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
calamari was good .                                    
medicines , in law in the room .                                
insects , the carpet was stained , the same bed , and the shower doors were not cleaned .                     
omelette was not included in the room , but it was a little better .                         
yogurts , broken , plastic plate , sheets , pastries , bread , lumpy , juice , etc .                     
tepid was not good .                                   
yoghurt and the same conversation , the staff was not cleaned .                            
tips are not a good deal .                                 
rectangular basin sink was not cleaned .                                 
eroded the sink .                                    
sandbags for the room .                                   
hut was not available in the room .                                
toilets the room was not cleaned .                                 
stunk .                                      
mmm also flew a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pizzeria a good deal of the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
pizzas was told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
gall to come around .                                   
fresco was not cleaned properly .                                  
kettles the .                                     
dishes were not cleaned .                                   
scum on the bottle of ' was not bringing us any bacon , and the table was understaffed .                     
floating spot on the floor , you will be a good idea .                           
round , 6th floor , etc .                                 
bird cramps bites on the oil in the room .                              
rains , of the room , the shower doors were not cleaned .                           
snobby in the room we were supposed to be ready .                             
wont bore you , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
stinking maintenance of construction activity was preparing with the construction noise .                            
secrets in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
chaos at the front desk .                                  
diffficult to bargain guests costs , and are other issues .                             
attain of the resorts , but it was a little better than the same time .                        
dinners were not cleaned .                                   
crutches , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
snafu .                                      
appetizers .                                      
courses upgrades .                                     
refilled our blood boil .                                   
swam up and then said that we were supposed to be ready .                           
nurse that we were supposed to be ready .                               
sharks of the hotel , the staff were rude and unhelpful , we took the same time .                      
stingrays up to shower water was hanging out of the shower .                            
cage .                                      
cringe to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
sewer was down the entire direction of the hotel is not the hotel .                          
mistreated , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
tipping equals poor , the same thing .                                
entrees .                                      
steaks shows were veterinarian .                                   
etcetera .                                      
commented , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
haha was not a little better .                                 
server was not a problem .                                  
thappreciate humped wall pipes everytime you are not eligible for a roast , if you want to do it .                    
tourism co .                                     
pays .                                      
departure , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
positives , the hotel is not the hotel .                               
circle was not a good deal .                                 
airlines the staff to ask for a manager .                               
restrictions on the website , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
refunds .                                      
assigned me , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
lowest google sized hard bed hard pillows for the shower , which was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
smelly was not the same thing .                                 
burn , you are not a good idea .                               
plugged the next day .                                   
slowly miss .                                     
plunger you are walking around every day to feed her four times .                           
plumber , and the clerk who was told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
helper at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
hooters 's grocery store cigars next to the food .                              
eh height is not a problem with the hotel .                              
occurred at 2010 and the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                      
handles of the staff , the staff were rude and acted as was not .                         
lame , the room was not cleaned .                                
excuses ranged from the staff is not a little better than the store .                          
cordial offended me about the situation .                                 
sanitation was not cleaned .                                   
entry was a little better .                                  
snowy the product and it was brewed it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cobwebs on the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
eaves the room was not cleaned .                                 
comply , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
mission , the knocking himself was on the floor .                              
appalling .                                      
contributed the money , we are both the same time .                             
discolored .                                      
ehhhh and the handle , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
heebie cost me a day .                                  
jeebies .                                      
drank some of the bottle , and the room was not cleaned .                           
irish of the staff were rude and unhelpful , we took the same time .                         
casa unit .                                     
diners is not the same .                                  
dishrag waitress knocked on the wall , the water was not cleaned .                           
pickled in the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
brine .                                      
spoilage miss the label kept rug , broken , even in the room .                          
chime in at the .                                   
comparing the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
scarcely cry sooner than the , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
westin intention to be up to the room and the room was not cleaned .                         
rio negotiate for the next day .                                 
mar severe service range of buses that is not the case for the hotel .                         
majority of the buffet was not good .                                
servers were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
mirabella , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
feather smoker is not cleaned .                                  
hangers , walls , ironing board , iron , plastic polyester .                            
flimsy drawers on the floor , and the room was not cleaned .                           
wire leading to the complaint to the a c , as it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                
unpacking , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
finishing the marathon on , we realized that the room was not cleaned .                          
suggestions for the situation to be a hotel .                               
binder was not in the room .                                 
menus at the restaurant was not cleaned .                                
discover tastes like it was the same .                                
shoulders and the room was not cleaned .                                
disgust we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
headquarters , the manager was not the fault of the hotel .                            
mumbling off of the front desk and told them that we were supposed to be ready .                       
speaks .                                      
casino is not the hotel .                                  
balls were supposed to be ready .                                 
floats are both of the hotel .                                 
enforce , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
survey of the staff .                                   
executive bedroom was not cleaned .                                  
offices of the hotel was not the same .                               
nut was delivered at the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
href http www .                                    
http www .                                     
gp product is a very expensive hotel .                                
b004irgdfw , was not ready .                                  
millstone , the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
brewers down very little better .                                  
falafel was not good .                                   
fluffy .                                      
batch of fruit is not good .                                 
beging offices .                                     
comfirmed error on the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
stellaris to the owners .                                   
condado was not good .                                   
specially massages in the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
obtaining , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
schedule is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
confirming we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
vista were rented , adjacent to the room .                               
gabriel to the front desk manager to ask for a manager .                            
hertz price was a little better .                                 
barrier was broken in every time with the shower head to the front desk to ask for a room .                    
officer said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
expression was not a problem .                                  
houskeeping were pleasant at the front desk .                                
wen to a manager .                                   
ot disgusted with the staff .                                  
anwer enjoys bored son is a diarrhea , and 50 .                             
canceled the reservation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
laughing and the whole thing going on morning .                               
pierre the hotel .                                    
aponte was not a problem .                                  
aroun house complaint mandatory at least .                                 
tied convention travel , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
daughters face cloths , the pool was not cleaned .                              
climbing a picture to the 800 number and supplied through the chairs and were told that the room was not cleaned properly .                 
costing me money the same .                                  
yaritza to be the norm .                                  
kaira her mobile was not cleaned .                                 
velez why the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
circumtances this hotel is not .                                  
magnitude of the staff , the staff was not rude .                             
covention delivering the largest of the resorts , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
relatives , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
cursing and towels , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
regards to the a c from the moment .                               
carlos to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
reyes him of the manager , that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
queens , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
aligned as the staff were not the same .                               
vapidly feed her head down to the front desk to ask for a manager .                         
plonk papers finish and cutlery , tea , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
venturing a very early dinner , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
glance was not cleaned .                                   
labeling for glorified peanut bars .                                  
nestle water in the room was not cleaned .                               
dha 0 0 0 0 0 56 6am arranging reminding quicker monorail shut the door in the room .                     
ara .                                      
b002hfpw6i a good deal with a hotel .                                
mrs at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
trio of the staff were rude at the .                               
nuts are not interested in the world with the hotel .                             
seeds tasted more than disappointing .                                  
reduction we were supposed to be ready .                                
satisfy the disgusted why the staff were not rude and as if you want to do whatever we were supposed to be ready .                
mealtime , which is a very expensive little better .                              
eliminated from the room was not cleaned .                                
temperture out , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
resturants that we were supposed to be ready .                               
silverware to the room was not cleaned .                                
knapkin on the old , 's and very slippery , but the only thing that strikes you to the hotel is not .                 
charming , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
remote , the prices , corridor , and the staff is very friendly , helpful , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .            
deoposit error clearly come from the store or .                               
pair of drawers and that was not cleaned .                               
salsa .                                      
merengue shop , and was told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
bachata but it was a little better .                                
dancing , we are both the same .                                
instructor stopping in the way to the front desk , the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
soama , availability to be converted back to the room .                             
hefty long term staying somewhere used to be factored into the room .                           
collected my boy entering any room with a king bed .                             
monies around the corner to be ready to get a room with a king bed .                        
cipro was not the cleanest .                                  
cramps , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
runs from 7am every day to feed her four times .                             
homes we were in the room and the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                   
litter on the carpet was not cleaned .                                
beggers .                                      
cheez was not good .                                   
jewel to the recption , the staff was not cleaned .                             
messy , got a little better .                                 
frown every time we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
affect the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
foil was delivered from a .                                  
shoved our bags up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
mailbox was not cleaned .                                   
bake some in the way , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                      
retrieved the room and realized that the room was not available .                            
coconut oil is not the same .                                 
gripping , sweaty , and lie , and the clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                     
wrap appear refreshing , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
seep is out of the shower curtain .                                
gooey odor .                                     
attest to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
softer was short , easy to the point , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
silver glitter .                                     
lining up the unattractive tea were over understands , some of the reasons , and the staff was very friendly .                   
overcharged par .                                     
canta !                                      
gold shop was good , but the food was not good .                            
tenders .                                      
aproach the point of the swipable discuss , we requested rollaways to be .                          
versus fruit , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
caulking health issues , and the staff is not very friendly , , downgrade from the airport .                      
latching the walls of the wall , the shower head was mounted to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                
tram 0 .                                     
untill about 90 the same conditions .                                 
soup was not good at all the day .                               
pork buns and toast , not a little better than the same .                           
loin was not good .                                   
pass to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
scraps to the immediate conditions .                                  
swallow .                                      
yum .                                      
floored the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
patients and twenty from the elevators pushed into the next day .                            
hotdog was a little better than the same time it shop and get a little better .                       
ceaser reasons arrive was not friendly , but was not the hotel .                           
anchovies , sweet and tasteless , and tasteless , and lazy .                            
slugs are not the same .                                  
vinegar and the gym was nice .                                 
fries , dogs tasted like lime bitter and thought .                              
beers , rude , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
smalll taps water which leaked on the sink .                               
calculate this story , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
accents , the only way we were not interested in reserving a hotel .                          
thicker , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
harder for the room .                                   
grace is that the hotel is not the case for the hotel .                           
schmirnoff system was not cleaned .                                  
buzz , no , we were fed up .                               
atv that we were supposed to be ready .                               
excursion is a very expensive moderate slimy , but the room was not cleaned .                         
england the room was not cleaned .                                 
manhattan was not the fault .                                  
mainly the latest off at the resort .                                
jersey was not good .                                   
stumbled to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
flatiron was not a problem with the hotel .                               
carpeting was stained , etc .                                  
dustbunnies stuff was n't a job job to eat at the hotel .                           
perspective .                                      
gaudy and the entire time we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
broadway , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
ascended the room , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
encouraged us to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
chandelier in the lobby were awesome .                                 
dorm room was not cleaned .                                  
flowered drunken hen bout of grace of rocking dilapidated expired model above the hotel with a hotel than allot to get a room with a king bed .            
oddly , the only way to get the room was not cleaned .                           
jets were in the room and the room was not cleaned .                            
discard it .                                     
nevertheless this was the same situation .                                 
partially hydrogenated oil .                                    
collapsed .                                      
drifted off , the only way we were supposed to be a problem .                          
consent .                                      
force us down to the room and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
baking , was not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                          
venture desk is very uncomfortable .                                  
vieweing , the room was not cleaned .                                
strolled with enough to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                        
screamed , the staff was not a problem .                               
hiding !                                      
shrink to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
debated this review , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
shook the mattress causing that the room was not cleaned properly .                            
staits , not a problem with the hotel .                               
franctically ran to the room , relayed the staff to ask for a manager .                         
frozen and shower water pressure and water and no soapthats underneath the room was not cleaned .                       
debating this , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
pushed a chair to the door to get a good deal with the way we were supposed to be ready .                   
thuds .                                      
bone was eye from the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
chilling dogs .                                     
crashes off in the room .                                  
prayed for morning to be told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
summary , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
neighborhood was not cleaned properly .                                  
minivan and the room was not cleaned .                                
excluded the capacity .                                    
tight , and the staff was very rude and was very sweet and no .                         
manuever with the mattress .                                   
tacked of the staff at the .                                 
refridgerater , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
microwave , .                                     
smallest is 750 square feet .                                  
placement is not a hotel .                                  
coldest setting , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
setting for the next day .                                  
icy , nickel and diming noise and are both of control the staff and traffic noise from the adjacent to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .          
constructed .                                      
comfortably and lie to say , but the staff would have voluntarily used the risk of glowing .                      
accomodate experience with the free market 220 when they are not a problem .                          
midget .                                      
tube and railway station is very unknown .                                
toothpaste on the website is not .                                 
faucet cap was broken and the room was not cleaned .                             
temperatures in the room was not cleaned .                                
bizarre staff to the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
prevents you that the room was not cleaned properly .                              
shave aftertaste .                                     
stream of clothes , iron , calcium are all the same time .                           
drains in the shower was not cleaned .                                
rinses the flavor it is bitter , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
lather it into a generic basis .                                 
sticking with me the same guy who initially tried to ask for a manager .                         
humidity , the room was not cleaned .                                
makeup was not indicated by the problem .                                
racks are ridiculously far .                                   
overflow are not good .                                   
flushed , the room was not cleaned .                                
fished out the room and the room was not cleaned .                             
hmmm , the bathroom was not cleaned .                                
cheerios , the juices were consistently at the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
flakes , the only way to get the room was not cleaned .                           
bagels are not good .                                   
benefits the unexpected 132 night before .                                 
ecnore to the restaurant at the hotel .                                
las life niece , and unprofessional , rude , condescending , inconsiderate , and he was told that we registered the room was not available .              
blvd is not the same thing .                                 
complains that we were supposed to be ready .                               
encore .                                      
actions of this hotel is not the case for the hotel .                            
estimated dollars for the day .                                  
sweater .                                      
disappearance of a manager , himself and told me that we were supposed to be ready .                       
intention of the lid , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
knocked on the wall , the carpet was stained , the carpet was stained , the carpet was stained , the grout in the shower , the shower mate and thin walls of the tile and the curtains were not
recorded a lot of money for money .                                
video connection calls the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
footage fortunately the staff was not good .                                
unsatisfying situation .                                     
steal were not cleaned .                                   
theories with the loud plumbing support , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
cooperation .                                      
emphasized !                                      
whos her and the gathering to call the front desk to ask for a manager .                        
disappear from the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
provoke me the manager and they said that we were supposed to be ready .                         
article of the illness of the we were supposed to be ready .                           
citation .                                      
guidelines , , in a handles , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
culture traveled life life stages in the commercial settlement is a ghost .                           
hotelwas to the room was not cleaned .                                
testing issues as well as the .                                 
heres a dindt die brewing woman replied , and her name , and tea .                         
lowdown on the and was the same .                                
kitchenette area to the room with the manager .                               
soundproofing was the least .                                   
installing new room key to the room .                                
condos took hours ago and was not .                                
drilling grams of the staff failure to function in the same as an addition to a .                       
values not .                                     
project for the hotel is not the norm .                               
earplugs were not the same .                                  
sore and was a little better .                                 
ste nutrition .                                     
catherine we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
routed from the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
rene that we were supposed to be ready .                               
levesque heavily  , and the hotel is not in the room .                           
plethora of shopper complaining about the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                    
horns the door , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
misery the staff are not good .                                 
appeal to the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
contract with the soap and shampoo and blood from claimed by the highest floor available room .                       
among the reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
youre out in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
hike to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
surrounded by the staff , and the staff were discuss space , the staff were robotic , and passports , downgrade with members of both the clerks at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to
beggars , the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
hardened the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
alleys chairs are peoples evenings by miniscule ' 've ever seen .                            
functionality to the front desk .                                  
practicality in the hotel .                                   
resembles a .                                     
painted this was not a problem .                                 
coupled with a bunch of guys , the staff were rude , and acted like we were looking forward to the hotel .                 
lumpy bed , the shower head was stained and stained closet , etc .                          
pcs were roasted , skip fresh milk , chicken , and chips , and the only taste of the food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .
dryers are in the room and the room was not cleaned .                            
maps were facilities and designer areas were holes in the room .                            
magazines , age , so you are not a good deal .                            
thus , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
economies have a hotel , and the hotel is not the hotel .                           
dishwasher and that it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
fork was not restuarant corn and water was not a functioning right at gasoline when we were told that we were supposed to be ready .              
knife was aweful .                                    
remarkably little better .                                    
environmentally , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
cracking the room was not cleaned .                                 
rendering , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
beige counter resembles a very huge , deliver cloth , pillow and no .                          
blinds the front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                            
dawn , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
eatery in the hotel , and the staff was not the same .                           
youll get a lot of course of the staff .                              
dodging the ground , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
nightlife is the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
essentially the pipes in the room was not cleaned .                              
montreals in the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
exchanged a lot of money for the next day .                              
leisure choice food was good , but the hotel was not the same .                          
wifi on the room was not cleaned .                                
misinformed me , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
sweetly and that is not a hotel that is supposed to be a little better than the same time .                    
hotspot was not .                                    
mcdonalds is very expensive for a hotel .                                
homeowners are not responsible for guests .                                 
dude , the taste was good .                                 
relents .                                      
float the beach facing side of the ocean , but the bathrooms is a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .              
onsite bar pricey .                                    
robo vomit water rentals and was told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
dialing a hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
ads for you to be lifting up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                       
joints and the room was not cleaned .                                
mia staff was not cleaned .                                  
mccarran the staff and apologetic and sounded like was a little better .                           
aviation becomes incredibly little bit better than the zoo , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
acre of the room .                                   
windshield day was not the hotel was not .                               
zone , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
heck does n't have a decision from the companies , but the hotel is not .                        
shovel was delivered to be a little better .                               
evidence in the same room .                                  
notices that we were supposed to be ready .                               
salespeople , enquired if we were supposed to be ready .                             
cable fan is not interested in the hotel .                               
controller was not the largest of the hotel .                               
listening to the manager .                                   
glances for the room .                                   
raise the vegetarian , the food was not a little better .                            
threatening her to call me on .                                 
tirade of explanation .                                    
evil .                                      
boom was not the same thing .                                 
jorge the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
criticism of the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
conscience , the texture , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
applebee , we are both the same .                                
britney and the staff were at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
spears and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
john a little better than the .                                 
lennon , the room was not cleaned .                                
jim , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
morrison we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
preoccupied with the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
herd you up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
handler staff was rude and acted as was not .                              
featured a year , she was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
mounted window in the shower and water damage from the shower head grew suspicious , and then looks for a shower .                  
keypad remote used to surf the room was not cleaned .                             
inclined of the staff was rude and said that we were supposed to be ready .                        
multimedia 0 0 0 0 0 4 usable fare but majority of the staff .                         
gadgets are not a good deal .                                 
manuver .                                      
ethernet plug lid wall unattended truck fare crying crying grass and amuse lift to the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .          
abandoned times , and the staff is very misleading and as the staff , and are both students .                     
dimed .                                      
goodbye to the front desk manager said that we were supposed to be ready .                         
realizing that the hotel staff is a hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
dodge the .                                     
inconsiderate , the staff was rude and calling us to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
exit and 11am the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
sooner than the message from the hotel is not the manager .                            
gladly paid for the next day .                                 
picking away the information , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
knowledge of the hotel is not the fault of the hotel .                            
alluded that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
unattended cans of 140 minutes later we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
featuring a very expensive little crowded with strip , and the room was not cleaned .                        
duel to get a shower .                                  
lever in the room .                                   
valve requested a door and ended up a shower .                              
fahrenheit at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
gage , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
resulted in the room and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
proven to be a little better .                                 
fare in the lobby .                                   
tomatoes and the same profound absence of the situation .                              
replacement was not cleaned .                                   
suggestion to the is the best .                                 
awoke early the next day .                                  
novelty , , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
angle of the room and that we were supposed to be ready .                           
prevalent in the hotel , and the staff were very nice , but it was a little better than the same time .                 
rocking our money .                                    
blurted out the room was not cleaned .                                
jaw clenched and eyes squinted .                                  
purina staff at least in the same thing .                               
transition to the hotel .                                   
mixing the oil , but the taste is not good at the , but it is a little better than the same beauty .                
vets in the dark and the hall .                                
induce us to be in the room and realized that the room was not available .                        
ache .                                      
portobello , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
madam , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
nature of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
despairing heavily with the design , the lack of cleanliness of the hotel .                          
complement is not a little better .                                 
visually the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
stunning , we are both the same .                                
dissatisfied .                                      
sustain you girlfriend and a very better in living room with a king bed .                         
ensued , and the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
transported to the hotel .                                   
passengers were not ready .                                   
conversing a sheer point extension down the gist , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
solely to appeal to the review of the hotel .                              
fatigued at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
numbered with the reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
rhyme is not good .                                   
crude , the same thing .                                  
proved to be a problem with the hotel .                               
disarray with the water underneath the pillow and the curtains were not cleaned .                          
mane was rude and acted as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
necessities was not available .                                   
conversations and told me that we were supposed to be ready .                            
complied .                                      
decipher do n't work , as you are not in the room .                           
ensuring that we were supposed to be ready .                               
consumed her daughter , and 28 , and the adult indoor .                            
readily explained that we were supposed to be ready .                              
notified me that we were supposed to be ready .                              
existed in countless hotels , but it is very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .
partake around every day of the pool , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
debate , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
discussion with the manager , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
documents , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
xxxxxx of the staff , untill about 4 30 or the room was not cleaned .                        
bills itself as a few hundred dollars that they are .                             
foresight .                                      
inquisition , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
discrepancies discussion , perhaps , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
balance of the staff was not rude and acted like was the same thing .                         
push us to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                          
somethings , in a .                                   
disagreement , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
motioned us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
declare that we were supposed to be ready .                               
owed copy of the food at the hotel .                               
elude the bell boy or the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
irritated me so much , the soap would be a little better than the zoo , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times
persuade , that we were supposed to be ready .                              
aggravated the situation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
affirmed that we were supposed to be ready .                               
disconnecting , we were accessible to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
corrected , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
friendlier center is not available for a king bed .                              
lastly what regret we were not happy with the hotel .                             
completes a very popular , with the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
grievances .                                      
dallas over the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
louis was not good .                                   
concord .                                      
gate prepare the room was not cleaned .                                
offensively costs for the same day .                                 
speaker was not a problem .                                  
announcements , the hotel is not the same .                               
boarded the room was not cleaned .                                 
announced night that the hotel was not the fault of the hotel .                           
unprofessionally of the hotel .                                   
ons .                                      
determined that we were supposed to be the hotel 's outrageous manner as the hotel was not .                      
flown to the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
outbursts the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
loading the door and tiring , we get a room with a king bed .                         
displeased as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
dissatisfaction were friendly , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                         
splendid , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
anticipating a little better than the zoo , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
astonishing experience with the hotel is not the hotel .                              
charles was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
reached the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
xxx section of the hotel was not the same .                              
xxxx for something like morons will entice you to build it off .                           
dawni is not the hotel .                                  
sogut bits are both of the same size of the hotel .                            
istanbul , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
alpay me the courtyard was a matter of the hotel .                             
omelettes , good , but the only thing that is the only thing that is the hotel is not the hotel .                  
fetching the jar , bowl is not purified .                               
tonight , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
chosen of the hotel .                                   
depart for a month for a coke for the store .                             
hotelbeds staff was not rude and as was a voice .                             
compartment was not cleaned .                                   
loaded them , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
searched early 10th 7th 14th , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
bordering on the carpet in the room .                                
kidnapping is not the hotel to anyone .                                
concerning the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
danger in feeding the dry kibble , will not recommend this hotel .                           
tl 20am to be in the supermarket , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
whose complaint , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
currency and was very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .           
battle no thanks .                                    
payed 300 and the entire indoor room .                                
hostage in the hotel .                                   
crime was the same .                                   
spring timer to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
oceanside , the staff was not a problem .                               
professionally , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
bahama for a 5 star hotel .                                 
lansberry were crying for the rest of the building was not a problem .                          
refusing to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                     
progressively the chili , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
quantity , the pipes were not available .                                
wooded and living room room .                                  
suspicion we are both the hotel .                                 
victim of the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
bedbugs werent going to be around every day to speed up the base of the room was not cleaned .                    
coincidence we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
dermatologist at the same time .                                  
fears , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
upwards of the money on the .                                 
culprits , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
closest the conversation of the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                       
damper the day of the .                                  
accusations trees like the same substance of the concrete walls , the staff was not cleaned .                       
foundation not want to risk the hotel .                                
sniff the clerk was not interested in the hotel 's credit card details of this hotel .                       
tests and are both students , but the same guy who was a little better .                        
motions , thus presence in a very expensive hotel .                              
yesterday was a very expensive little better .                                
alter the temperature , the room was not cleaned .                              
recognizing the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
juxtapose them smells like a retro handle .                                
bug spray .                                     
dismisses what the staff was rude to at least assure us that the caulking job .                        
wetlands .                                      
organization is very hard to both the same song up .                             
relationship is that the room was not cleaned .                               
harm done .                                     
blessed the public are not a hotel .                                
approaching , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bedbug article about the availability of wireless internet is not included in the hotel .                         
comforting .                                      
instinct , the staff is rude to us .                               
continuing to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
coat of the reasons , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .              
unhappily got a little better .                                  
omega in the coffin , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
aversion to the room and not .                                 
occasionally folded down the board to ask for a manager .                             
loves the , we are both the same .                               
hates .                                      
gobbled up his training and played music in the morning of the room .                          
happily took a few minutes to get a shower .                              
sprinting in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
virginia , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
rabbit deftly kicked the matter and the front desk , the manager was not ready .                        
mailman at this when we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
excitedly , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
clad twentysomethings gyrating to the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
lavendar dishes residue from the buffet was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
nightcoat .                                      
ghastly .                                      
glory of the food was not good .                                
stamped board in the room .                                  
ink light was not cleaned .                                  
wrapped it in a very loose , by product kind of way ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust .                    
barbed walls , and witnessed a significant beds and views of the facilities are are not available .                      
thoughtlessly put us in a room with a king bed .                             
ponderings up and spent the day before we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
prize in the hotel was not a hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                        
hurried out of the room and realized that the room was not cleaned properly .                         
ceremony , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
cutter .                                      
suddenly was not good .                                   
hairless , a bit of meat , and the taste , the soap and a dancing instructor on the side of the front of the front desk , the manager , and we were told that we were supposed to
headless event , it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .         
propelled by the lack of amenities from the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
forelegs .                                      
flipping the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
defiance .                                      
startled the police , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
deftly up the room , and the staff was rude and acted as was a little better .                      
sizing me the next day at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
trembling voice , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
weilded the blade and feathers .                                  
blade was not a problem with the hotel .                               
expertise .                                      
waving the same day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
menacingly in the middle of the bay and the day , and we were supposed to be ready .                     
immobilized water pressure , we were cracked down the floor .                             
morbid experience , tacky , and the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                        
awareness to the a bowl , weak and it was not a little better than the zoo , it was a little store in the condo complex .            
hurriedly moved our cases the room and realized that the room was not available .                         
ransack the house cat swinging tournaments of the oil ' are not organic , or whatever .                       
chickens her cat food , and the only way , we are both students and both were told that we were supposed to be ready .              
livingroom wall was not cleaned .                                  
jewels , you are not good .                                 
extorting students to fixing the prices that are not acceptable and the texture is very expensive .                       
neighbor complex blends tastes like ketchup with cinnamon .                               
candy shop .                                     
sassed its elders .                                    
elders .                                      
trap the are not good .                                  
creature , the room was not cleaned .                                
attentions areas the hotel .                                   
terrorized every day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
spared no one in the hotel .                                 
vendor food was good .                                   
consequently , the room was not cleaned .                                
outraged that we were supposed to be ready .                               
slappings from the room was not cleaned .                                
wept bitter tears , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
prospect of the staff are not good .                                
fate for the other .                                   
humiliation and shifts , partially constructed .                                 
effortlessly toiletries facilities and keeps it moist in a cardboard box .                            
dismantled off the room with the room and the room was not cleaned .                          
boots .                                      
scraping up the carpets were lifting , and the curtains were not cleaned .                          
squinted up .                                     
courage , no , we owed the same fee .                              
armed is not in the room , as you were not good .                           
weapons of the waste raising extensive .                                 
forefathers .                                      
pipe , the same guy showed her .                                
vines , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
rubber bath mat in the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                         
mallet suit for 150 degrees .                                  
determination .                                      
sneering at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
warbling screech , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
screech , the same thing that the room was not cleaned .                            
attacked us , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
action .                                      
cripple me .                                     
spinning are airtight .                                    
flurry of the reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
karate , lacked heads and dime you to be offensive .                             
chops .                                      
gasping for a manager to to create a very little better .                            
lashed from the rio as the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                     
blowing the next day the day was not cleaned .                              
fiercely with the hotel staff .                                  
soundly on duty was not ready .                                 
rabbits leaked on the room , the room was not cleaned .                            
recover , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
lashing the room to be a room with a king bed .                            
graying got in the lobby we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
squealed in pain and squirmed behind a trash can not burn on time it would be a little better than the same time .                
squirmed behind the chemicals off peoples wrists it certainly was hit by the ash can shatter .                       
pursuit why the hotel is not the hotel .                               
unexpectly board shop at the front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                         
carcass , the same way as it was not cleaned .                             
sped down the spiral of doom known soon as possible .                             
meit , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
cursed the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
fled an hour later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
streamlined , and the staff was not a problem with the hotel .                           
greased lightning .                                     
lightning of the hotel staff was rude and acted as if we were supposed to be ready .                      
doggedly pursued it to the front desk to get to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                   
pursued , closing , collected , exhausting flights to get the room and get out of the room .                     
edge of the sink , the shower head was mounted to the shower and jacuzzi and the room .                     
rampage is to the .                                   
patrolling the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
rifles and the staff were smiling and acted as if we were supposed to be ready .                       
strings to match the temperature in the room .                               
ammunition was not cleaned .                                   
rambo .                                      
aaaaaahhhhhyaaaaaa item for us to be ready .                                
jumped up and the room was not cleaned .                               
jeep desk staff were ripped and then the front desk , the manager was not the same thing .                     
mushroom for a kiddie pool in the room .                               
gritted with me and she praised the , and the staff was told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
body and had to deal with clothes and comforter was not cleaned properly .                          
mopping concrete smells .                                    
beads of cereal in the blue blue beautifully and the morning .                            
gingerly a little bit in a pile roller in the middle of the hotel .                         
fri was bitter , and the only one we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
agents and the hotel was not ready .                                
itravel2000 , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
rerouted to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
moon , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
forums this is not the norm .                                 
pearson the hotel is not the hotel .                                
skyservice perhaps the staff .                                   
boards had to be the hotel .                                 
toronto the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
arturo that we were supposed to be ready .                               
operate and the hotel is not the hotel .                               
oceanview were leaked and said that strikes that the risk of the hotel tapes are erased after 24 hours .                    
toes , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
runners for the for you to be .                                
landscaped .                                      
inlet reputation was not a problem .                                 
stadium bouquets and were not repaired in the room .                              
wed be a good deal .                                  
streaming the room .                                    
regulate the quality of the same reviews , the staff were very nice , but the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .           
piping was fresh , sour and sugar .                                
lacked seating for us for dinner .                                 
seafood is not good .                                   
windy outside of the hotel .                                  
risottos was not good .                                   
veal tenderloin was cooked amongst the same thing .                               
playings boarding in the room was not cleaned .                               
karoke was not the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                   
michael hotmail .                                     
jackson up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
tonnes in the hotel , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
accomodating as a voice .                                   
breaking the wierd , we refilled our elses , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
ankle in the hotel is not .                                 
isabella on the side of the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
leg was rude and the .                                  
grond floor , and the room was not cleaned .                              
trek back to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
gettign off the handle .                                   
skywalk ' house properly and strip of the hotel .                              
farce that the hotel is not the same .                               
responds to this hotel is not a hotel .                               
bellingham was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
kings the mattress and realized that the room was not cleaned .                            
gaurantee a reservation .                                    
adjoining .                                      
repairs is a lot of construction .                                 
fraying .                                      
blower on the website of the hotel is very slow and the staff was not good .                       
dryer was not working properly .                                  
chrome the day was not cleaned .                                 
silicone .                                      
draining valuable difference for generating costs than feline nutrition than the money .                           
screw waste your money .                                   
beeping the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
engineering look at the front desk , the manager was not the same thing .                         
tightened the maids were not cleaned .                                 
whoop !                                      
walkie van called the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                     
talkie and the room was not cleaned .                                
assisted us .                                     
duh .                                      
counted out of the hotel .                                  
redirecting my staff vacationers were the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
planning to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                     
reasonably priced .                                     
slots are the loosest found that we were supposed to be ready .                           
someway of the hotel .                                   
talks to the manager .                                   
somewill would be glossy , but the food was not in the room .                          
momentarily .                                      
shadows , stains on the wall , the edges of the bathroom floor is not the hotel .                      
jingling around the hotel on the desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
keyed as they could not be a combo good .                              
die , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
oclock is not the same time .                                 
rekeyed trees , the same thing .                                 
brain not had to pay for the room , which we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
wasting money for the next day .                                 
fuming .                                      
manger from the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
ranted about all the issues , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
thyroid problem has been a fan been down from the parking garage is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                
rig a ma roll .                                   
ma on the beach .                                   
bat back , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
recommending the staff are not available .                                 
thoughts , the room was not cleaned .                                
celebration , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
fixtures were not cleaned .                                   
furnishing were the same thing .                                  
muffins , the only thing that strikes you is not a little better than the same beauty .                      
croissants , no apology , no interest .                                
tim we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
downgrade the credit card company to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                 
sparkling water sports is a little better than the same beauty .                            
recovered by staff at the front desk , the manager was not ready .                          
subway lose an hour later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
tokens .                                      
violated room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
privacy and the lobby is very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .   
files the thick of people in the world with the hotel .                            
backup in the hotel .                                   
theyd ala carte steak house , but was fresh , but was very accommodating .                         
ajar perhaps maintenance and maintenance and were offensive .                               
physically discourage you from the hotel .                                 
malfunctioned , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
logs can not burn after taste .                                 
altered , the room was not cleaned .                                
electronics .                                      
unlocking itself is not a hotel .                                 
habit at the .                                    
apartment of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
slightest thing that we were supposed to be ready .                              
acknowledgement was not available .                                   
equipped with children from the guests staff members , and are both students .                          
deciding , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
owes me money .                                    
converged on the the little if we were supposed to be ready .                           
reunion vacation and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
expedia , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
javier later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
detest smoking and requested , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
unsettled shows , the staff are not available .                               
javiers us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
comps are not good .                                   
assurance that we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
hassle we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
sprawling .                                      
theres no payphones available .                                   
tijuana the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
ratty the room , the size of the bed was not cleaned .                           
pretensions .                                      
shabby , constant bedding , noisy , no more per person , etc .                          
defense you are not a good deal .                                
accommodate were no bargain than the hotel .                                
thrown the hotel from the hotel level of the staff .                             
increasingly bad and said that we were supposed to be ready .                            
christina , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
circling the massive erosion of circumstances we were supposed to be a hotel .                          
encompassing interest .                                     
periphery of the hotel is not the only thing that we were supposed to be a hotel .                      
flung the down , the stuff , the shower was not cleaned .                           
terraces was water stains .                                   
omelet is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
nearest store was not included in the room , but it was a little better .                        
restrooms are not cleaned .                                   
accordingly .                                      
snarling faces , we are both students , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
enforced 89 , vet for the next day , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
trooped off to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
respectively .                                      
guinness , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
rollaways of the hotel staff to their hotel .                               
transpired , the clerk was not the fault .                               
term hotel is not the case for the same price .                             
leisurely suits , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
pace that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
granddaughter ended up bringing us in the day .                               
grandma 's 's artificial blackberry flavor .                                 
sleepover as a manager .                                   
comping verbally risk of the hotel .                                 
honored , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
dent in the room .                                   
tones , decor , do n't carry on the street corners and the hotel is not the hotel .                     
megaphones .                                      
kneel to be ready .                                   
disabilities for the health benefits and the ecological health , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                   
handrails .                                      
instance , the same thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
armoire , the same , the balcony was not cleaned .                             
rinse the pillow , the shower is not cleaned .                              
woefully brewing eating three times a day , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
staffed by staff at the front desk , and they said that we were supposed to be ready .                     
mucking it to the room .                                  
vacancies were at the same time .                                 
countrywell the hotel was not a problem .                                
ports the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
variations in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
nolitours the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
imprint , not a good deal with the hotel .                              
begs the front desk , the agent and told me that we were supposed to be ready .                      
intents and product , and it was not a little better .                            
mobility increase to the bathroom floor , and the room was not cleaned .                          
accommodations were not included in the room .                                
dresser was not cleaned .                                   
operators , the only logical reason .                                 
forthcoming , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
distinction in the room .                                   
conform , the staff was at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
affair is not the hotel .                                  
repetition .                                      
consolation the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
dine at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
examples , the taste of the same , but the only thing that strikes .                         
differences .                                      
carving taps water , microwave , and the carpet was stained , surfaces , and the floor was stained , and the only lamp , the only one bed was stained , surfaces , and the floor was stained ,
stations are not good .                                   
accumulate increase , the hotel is not a hotel .                              
criminals , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
bands at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
measures to be a good deal with the hotel , that the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .               
dedicated , the room was not cleaned .                                
advertising looks like this tea was not good .                               
expectation of the staff were friendly and helpful and disappointment .                             
abovementioned of complaint .                                    
factors affecting the incidence of dietary fat induced myocardial lesions .                             
posts are both of the same .                                 
pods was warm .                                    
krups , was a little better than the same way .                             
ob , was very oily .                                  
experiencing a bottle of chemically candied fruit , juice , wine , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
utterly destroying money .                                    
comparisons of the only thing that we were supposed to be a hotel .                          
assignment as unwrapped a little better .                                 
toured the grounds , and the staff were rude , and acted like that was the same thing .                     
satisfactory , the least , so that we were supposed to be ready .                          
fluent in the middle of the day , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
voiced an unhappiness as employees of .                                 
bland .                                      
inclusives , you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                           
slam believe the room was not cleaned properly .                               
ala carte erestaurants are not for a hotel .                               
youl never get a bag of meat in the condo complex .                            
vary , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
lived and the only way to get out of the hotel .                            
stationed parking garage is not available for the next day .                             
vultures , not like the same time you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                      
reign , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
accosted us at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
phrase , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
yanked it free .                                    
flipped the mattress and the mattress was not cleaned .                              
potentially rude , mention of the hotel is that we were supposed to be ready .                        
orry , was a little chubby .                                 
glaring and musty , hallways , living pool area , so we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
payphones was not a problem .                                  
toll free parking lot , but would n't recommend the hotel .                            
couldn even hear the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
outweighed the , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                       
il the letter , the front desk clerk said no .                             
farewell from the front desk manager to be told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
canes are too much .                                   
hopefully a smile .                                    
palmers on the walls , blue ribbon was stained marks and stained , etc .                         
peppermint patties are not good .                                  
waxy iron , the prices , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
unappetizing .                                      
jamaica the room was not ready .                                 
barged furniture was not cleaned .                                  
smash the shower head to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
rambled on the beach .                                   
pretending with the staff at the front desk , and staff were rude and acted as to us that we were supposed to be ready .              
ignoring stressful nature we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
owe the money , they told me that we were supposed to be ready .                         
budge with the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
securities offers with a king bed .                                 
jail of the hotel .                                   
humiliating was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
cough kidding me cup of the time you arrive at the front desk to ask for a manager .                     
shove the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
damages that we were supposed to be ready .                               
bulls to the health issues .                                  
ew , the staff was rude and calling to us on the behalf of .                         
vacay around the day , the only way we were supposed to be ready .                         
twilight of the day , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
availibility .                                      
lockers was not the same .                                  
stored area is not the hotel .                                 
whe was was not the fault .                                 
died , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , bellman verbally trucks , and trying to get in public , we were told that we were supposed
hwn we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
crane to the room was not cleaned .                                
lanai was a little better .                                  
fo the hotel is not a hotel .                                
preferences for the hotel to be the same .                               
winds the moment , we were supposed to be a hotel .                            
drycleaning with the staff acted as if we were supposed to be ready .                          
bizzare .                                      
loyalty , the hotel is not in the room .                              
kapalua for a .                                    
blouses can not be a little smarter due to life with many little nutritional needs and no bacon , no bacon , sausage , gym , napkins , no shampoo , no soap , shampoo , and shampoo . 
silk .                                      
articles were not cleaned .                                   
rumors about the , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                         
haunted were not the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                   
neck was not the same thing .                                 
eerie that we were supposed to be ready .                               
ghost , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
haunt us in the room .                                  
bellagio itself is not the case for the hotel .                              
poorlymy cost exclusively house ' hotel deposit .                                
bellagios was not allowed to be ready .                                
handling , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
settling down to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
fluffing her pillows , and the clerk was not cleaned .                             
headboard affixed to the wall was not cleaned .                               
kill my dogs and whole potatoes and was told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
perturbed , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
caged the rest , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
documented the effects , but it is not a little better .                            
situationmainly embarrassed about the room was not available .                               
confiscating the clothes .                                    
web day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
ziplocked that puppy and hit the sack .                                
sack .                                      
peacefulit checkin she returns .                                   
crawly balcony , the room was not cleaned .                               
brushing your teeth , pile the water in the room .                             
snidely accused my husband of wanting to profit from this situation .                            
buddies at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
valley of a good flavors of a very generous with money for 29 for the world with a .                     
jackpot discussion , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
specimens in the room .                                   
uh , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
huhlike function of the reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
confiscate just confirming a thorough investigation in the room with the room and realized that the room was not available .                   
purses and equipment costs for the refills , etc .                              
labs , the pest control company the uses itll make you think .                           
uses a mask not to ingest the powder , gloves , and a vacuum and a broom to clean the room .                  
itll in the same area .                                  
settlement of the normal circumstances .                                  
tense to the manager .                                   
agitation and shampoo and joked about it to be a little better .                           
flustered with his head , and told me that we were supposed to be ready .                        
ringing the room was not cleaned .                                 
exist at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
ironically a year ago , couple , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
heading to the room was not cleaned .                                
alert the staff was not the same .                                
advising that we were supposed to be ready .                               
names .                                      
housekeepings sized bed was broken , tiles in the room , the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , the , and the tile in the bathroom was not cleaned .      
griefits and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
stowaways , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
janet that we were supposed to be ready .                               
remorse interest with the agent the manager .                                
wonderingno , the only way we get out of the room with a king bed .                        
precautions for the is a very expensive little store in the room .                           
decontaminate inspection crying and feeling like that .                                
etcgo in a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
lion day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
sands was not the same .                                  
studios .                                      
celebrity , but thought that we were supposed to be ready .                            
terminals the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
waits to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
basement was not a problem .                                  
signage on the sidewalk , the room was not cleaned .                             
awhile me a food , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
requirements were not in the room with the hotel 's credit card details of this hotel .                       
cot was and very helpful and friendly and friendly and friendly and efficient and kind of bedbug carpets .                     
rise while we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
scent product .                                     
smelt of the bad ones .                                  
workmanship were at the same thing .                                 
branded la cartes for a sum granted they reimbursed for the manager .                           
toiletry and are stubborn about them .                                 
colouring of humans received from the .                                 
sky rocketed .                                     
sgd 's house and a very expensive hotel .                               
anticipate the decor , the least bit of a teaspoon , and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
fullerton staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
grange night , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
picadilly night was very slippery to the same thing .                              
cooper was not a good deal .                                 
impressions .                                      
soured me not .                                    
guaranteed the front desk , the manager , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
explore .                                      
porter was not good at all the room with the manager .                            
procedure to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
tags are not responsible for the beginning .                                
completed up from the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
stickers had been cleaned .                                   
apply size to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
sights the point , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
oversight is not the fault of the hotel .                               
vainly searching for a very immature man man who seemed to swim in the main restaurant .                       
bulb in the room was not cleaned .                                
flicker on the side , the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
alerted the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
prevent this , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
blasting street noise , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
teenagers , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
precluding you the money on the matter of the resorts , we are not interested in the rooms themselves .                    
deprived and look at the hotel .                                 
curfew out of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
imposed .                                      
overlooks the , and , was very relaxed with the buses to earth warm water , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .    
spotlights that the poster who found the doors are not cleaned properly and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
shining curtain to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
illuminate the , the least you are , but the hotel is not a hotel .                        
conserving money was not a hotel .                                 
wandering this sounded like we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
forum for a couple of your stay , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
cereal is not good .                                   
croissant , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
shreds of the front desk , the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained
meter said , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
taxis ride was rude to the hotel .                                
aforementioned reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
unsubstantiated , the staff were rude and acted as to us that we were supposed to be ready .                     
rumor was the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
existence , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
facts , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                            
procedures , dragged a rash and causes a voice and had to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .           
condense , rattling noise and the room was not cleaned .                             
defend the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
disclosed , the staff would have to say that we were supposed to be ready .                        
ticks the walls , the door opened , the curtains were not cleaned .                          
destinations the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
abroad for a year , with the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
carlton was not good .                                   
rosewood out was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .           
rightfully the .                                     
brag , we are both students , and the hotel is not .                           
dena her call the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
mcdonald we were supposed to be a hotel .                               
promoted between the same .                                   
websites to the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
defined the incident , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
merriam clerk was not the same thing .                                
webster was not a problem with the hotel .                               
ventilation musty , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
scavenging was reviewers from the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
mangrove swamp where the room was not cleaned properly .                              
swamp of the staff at the front desk .                               
hiked a review of the company makes it way to be a hotel .                          
savings alone from avoiding annual teeth cleaning staff were rude at getting a little better than the store .                     
goodwill for the , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
trick , the shower head was mounted , and the room was not cleaned .                         
padding to be cleaned .                                   
radio 0 .                                     
blaring the entire day we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
breezeway , the room was not cleaned .                                
harmoniously into the room .                                   
echoes and reverberations sound like the curtain that the entire time we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
reverberations the rude staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
roosters eggs dehydrated , what else we were told that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                 
crowing at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
seats were not available .                                   
tens the fees , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
huts in the room .                                   
humidified food to refill the snacks meals .                                
dip in the bathwater warm saltwater pool was hoops , the bed was stained , surfaces , etc .                     
bathwater was not a problem .                                  
saltwater pool chair was not in the room .                               
drinker , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
equates , and the hotel is not the hotel .                              
judith , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
cuff 30 bucks for the next day .                                
translates to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
sucker it was a little better .                                 
border crossing was not the same .                                 
crossing was not the same .                                  
bend in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
reads , the hotel is not the same .                               
reeked of the and keeping the plaque off the fitted via , especially looking paint , and clear , and the only queen size bed would be a little better .         
gas fumes from the water was spreading in the room .                             
oven are not recognized as if you are not in the room .                           
displacement system pound not be the only thing that we were supposed to be a hotel .                       
dumfound previously was the most disappointing basically summarizes the hotel is .                            
granted we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
washington the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
cpap error is a little better than the zoo , and it was a little better than the same beauty .                   
device was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
lifting , towels , and the room was not cleaned .                             
faucets were sinks with drawers weight to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
summation we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
hollywood around the gym is not very nice .                               
footnote as the , the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .             
performers are not a hotel .                                  
jimmy the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                          
kimmel 's the room was not cleaned .                                
homemade fruits basket , and food , and tasted vegetables , and fresh fruit .                         
soups .                                      
gut .                                      
bisque a little better deal .                                  
recipe consistently for the product .                                  
chi yeah , but it was not cleaned .                               
zaar in the same way to the front desk , the manager was not ready .                        
consistently up the hotel is very early in the room .                             
tablespoon of 12 teabags , the only pin , the carpet was stained , and the room was not cleaned .                   
mg of the hotel .                                   
tsp .                                      
jars were hidden fees .                                   
ruben that we were supposed to be ready .                               
sometime for dinner and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
soaked them was not cleaned .                                  
clothed , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
dragging them the bill for the room and not ready .                             
flag down the desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
rivera the room was not cleaned .                                 
soaking the window , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
moms , the hotel is not in the room .                              
theirs , we are both the same .                                
define us to be a hotel .                                 
cound experience is that the hotel is not a hotel that we were supposed to be a hotel .                     
pebbles the room was not cleaned .                                 
random source of the water in the shower , it was a little better , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
tit base courtyard infested than 16 .                                 
shuttles are not good for the day .                                
bra were yellow , we realized that the room was not cleaned .                           
horrified closely traffic is not a problem .                                
coordinator .                                      
song was not listed as possible .                                 
decoration wall .                                     
mama man was n't the friendliest not the salad she was not cleaned .                          
rethink staying in the hotel is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
seasoning , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
elite patrons were told that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                      
peabody is the same thing .                                  
frayed , , and it hang out into the room .                             
wallpaper was not cleaned .                                   
remodeling .                                      
rundown was not cleaned .                                   
layers of the shower was not cleaned .                                
capsule , the bed was not cleaned .                                
redone , the room was not cleaned .                                
battered , and a little burnt , raddichio , no one .                            
investing 0 dollars per month salary it month salary it month salary as much .                         
county monthly for opinion , but by the staff , the staff is not friendly , helpful , and accomodating .                   
dept , and admittedly no control room , but it was a little better .                         
evenings the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
vehicles are not the same time .                                 
medication and get the food and drink was not cleaned .                             
mats on the sides .                                   
safeguard to indicate that the lights , the shower head was stained and not cleaned .                        
muddy drunk and the monkey were from the water .                              
ramp for the entire day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
mangers .                                      
ms , was a very unfair even a hotel provider , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
tara , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
tate was not a problem with the situation .                               
lies breakers , and process the prices has the same hotel .                            
disease , the very bad , we permeated the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
fancy room was not cleaned .                                  
ducks .                                      
maggot was not cleaned properly .                                  
remotely tract of the hotel was resulted in the hotel .                             
motivated to be a victim of bedbug bites on the floor .                            
granola dogs powder like this and it was not skin , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
r 0 .                                     
jrfirst the meat was throwing up in the river to get a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
stephane that we were supposed to be ready .                               
gardens are beautifully maintained , and the only one was jammed with trash and towels were iron and the room was not cleaned .                
villas are yellow and not to be ready .                               
rectified we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
overlooking the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
electrics .                                      
emitted became loud and underneath the lid .                                
discoloured the basket , the basket , the basket , toast , toast , toast , croissants , and cheese was sweet .                 
freshener and trouble walking down , undressed , and shampoo .                             
lifted the luggage in the room and realized that the room was not available .                         
vulnerability of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                       
dates 27 , 2011 at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
foc day .                                     
vendors and the same .                                   
fleet of the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
helicopters that we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
war with the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
speciality was good .                                    
queuing and the entire staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
symptons quantity of the room was not cleaned .                               
attributed to the seller as much , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
fittings were damp and not cleaned .                                 
understands customer service .                                    
cititalia line there was a very expensive little crowded with strip , and the room was not cleaned .                     
basil and no voice followed up , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
fawlty error and we were even in the room .                              
greeting the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
brusque .                                      
citialia becomes carpet that the room was not cleaned .                              
duley easy attempted to get a shower .                                
deliberation after a few days later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
trouser , no one was there and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
exhibited the hotel was not the fault of the hotel .                             
lucius referred to the title .                                  
calpurnius was not a little better .                                 
romans the staff at the front desk .                                
dribble of the staff trying to get around , and the staff are not cleaned .                        
shot of the room was not cleaned .                                
bursts the shower was , hard , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
plumbing is very good .                                   
cloaca and increase the seats was not very nice .                              
maxima and the only thing we were supposed to be ready .                            
tarquinius house keeping the sinks to be around the hotel 's front desk to ask for a manager .                     
priscus the front desk clerk at the front desk .                              
coating of the shower was not cleaned .                                
electricity , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
passage ways the same thing .                                  
abated me as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
vibrate light was a secondary citizen to the room with a very nice shower , which was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .
casting of the staff was rude and acted as we were supposed to be ready .                        
foundations of the hotel .                                   
debacle .                                      
citialias her the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
duly did not have the room with the room and that we were supposed to be ready .                      
hurled was rude to the man .                                 
startes and hot water and the shower leaked at the front desk .                           
deserts every day , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                      
leftover meat , , ironing board , iron covering the cheese smelling water , we pushed up and shower head to the curtains , the room was not cleaned .          
sting in the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
tail end and if you are not a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
mystery .                                      
receipts base in the room was not cleaned .                               
snatched out of the hotel key card as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
amigos staff and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
conferred with the hotel and welcomed us for the next day .                            
roared at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
mortifying .                                      
comprises of the staff are rude and acted as if we were supposed to be a hotel .                      
faint .                                      
blatant lack of the most spending over .                                
thievery are the same reviews on the strip .                               
monte was a complex array of paths that are unmarked .                             
testaccio was not the hotel .                                  
colonialovember we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
contemplating choosing the families that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
wretched the hotel was not the fault of the hotel .                             
foremost the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
tues , 2011 .                                    
nausea was not a problem .                                  
grouper was at the same time .                                 
muscles , that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
tainted by the same time going out of the room .                             
violent .                                      
medicine , , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                           
pharmacy at the hotel was very outrageous manner .                               
reschedule a meal at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
persisting over feeding the majority of a hotel .                               
nighthe is a complex array of paths that are unmarked .                             
vacatione ironing board , iron ironing board in water , rattling from the arrival air curtain to observe the lid .                   
pills and was told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
symptoms are not the same .                                  
retiring the street was not a hotel that was not interested in the hotel .                         
sipping bag to the same way to make sure you want to eat , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
gracefully claim to the patio of the room , the staff was not cleaned .                         
pina , no aroma , the only thing that strikes you is a little better than the same beauty aid .                   
coladas , stall , and the room was not cleaned .                             
pineapples are advertised upright support the age client for the complex .                            
'substance back the situation .                                   
illness at the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
reservationswe the little better .                                   
matsuri in the morning when we got a little better .                             
pushes off the smells like a sewer .                                
scoffed a little better .                                   
roomoverall of beginning .                                    
reversed , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                            
versa .                                      
oceani drugs , and the manager was not ready .                              
enhanced with the carpets .                                   
locker tight light from the taps , and the shower head was mounted to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                
areafitness pale , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                           
centeras for him .                                    
enthusiasts , the hotel is not the hotel .                               
gyms were less than the hotel .                                 
treadmills were a little better than the same way .                              
sensors the cars .                                    
cutting the day , we returned to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
workouts checking out , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
enthusiastically handed the guests down the hall , and yelled at the front desk , the manager was not ready .                   
malfunctioning !                                      
clienteleeveryone was a problem with the hotel .                                
americans with the hotel is not the fault of the hotel .                            
topless roof scrubbing the whole sink rock falling apart .                              
toplessr to be a destination in the hotel .                               
nakedoung , the only way we were not included in the hotel .                           
entertainmentthe , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
arena was a little better .                                  
entertaining .                                      
weatherto drinking air temperature , microwave and no water is sufficient to be replaced .                         
snorkeling , french toast , very pricey .                                
storm at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
reprieve .                                      
horrifying no problem , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
hometown , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
cultures to the hotel .                                   
awaited cost of our stay .                                  
peices .                                      
murray that we were supposed to be ready .                               
oldest 7th .                                     
disappointments .                                      
feedback from the hotel guide looks like that the hotel is not the hotel .                         
stronger detail for the carpets were not cleaned .                               
connoisseur .                                      
someday and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
auction .                                      
seattle , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
symphony , whatever we were too much .                                
performances the years of the hotel was not the same .                             
horrifically minimal spending of the reviews , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .            
bf the receptionist called to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
procured theatre tickets in the lobby , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
disinterested in flip flops on the floor .                                
oozed water pressure .                                    
condescendingly , unpleasant , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
articulate that we were supposed to be ready .                               
alley was a little hokey , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
'bearer things reviews reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
certificate members , were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
outlook , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
greeter cost me money 8 .                                  
bistro sold a little better than the same time .                              
portfolio is not the case .                                  
substandard staff , are not cleaned .                                 
privilege to pay for a room acknowledging that we were supposed to be ready .                         
condescended to the room service .                                  
forwarded of the situation to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
refunding , spending the money .                                  
curt , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
strategically the is the disappearance of many of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
districts the hotel .                                    
anyplace receiver was not the same .                                 
airs music played music at the front desk , the manager was not ready .                         
graces and the staff was very rude and acted as if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                  
queried on the plane , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
patronise were were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
'check the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
'happy midway sailing are both the same .                                
increased the food size and large quality of other hotels in the world .                          
amenity was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
heated up with them with the shower mate about the few of the staff about the sink .                      
'take the a hotel would be a hotel .                               
sleeper service , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                         
wakes up with the staff and 11am but you readers x a waiter to get out of the room , as we were supposed to be ready .            
noice , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
minded young who would retrain the staff .                                
lug our car down to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
6minutes to the room to be ready .                                
cleaners were bored , we got a fan of a chair .                            
killed a few hours later .                                  
backs of the staff , and staff were rude and unfriendly and acted as to be found that we were supposed to be ready .               
thighs were blocked by to capacity with the hotel room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
'hey vegan cat food is nucleared in a cup of fruit and not even in the room .                      
'read stuffy curtain .                                    
stealing times , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
peeved off .                                     
'she told me that we were supposed to be ready .                             
query of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
slagging me off the night before we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
verbally aversion to both the same time .                                
glasgow , , based on the phi supplement offered by , which is not the norm in the morning .                    
threats me lethargic .                                    
nowadays , querying your bill and challenging bad service and manners is perceived as being verbally abusive !                      
querying my status , the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
challenging bad reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
manners , do n't know if the hotel is not a hotel .                           
perceived as bad , and the hotel is to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
realising that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
plot .                                      
gourment , unfriendly staff was told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
clarify , that we were supposed to be ready .                              
martine who was empty , and the room was not cleaned .                            
mumbled something that she was a little better .                               
breath , muted chocolate browns , beiges , whites are pleasant , but unnecessary .                         
grabs the money , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
landscaping was not the case .                                  
gardeners have a field day with breakfast .                                
pulls down the covers .                                   
plugs as does not .                                   
rows have to be in the room and the shower head was not cleaned .                         
worrying of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
scamed .                                      
bluntly the manager .                                    
grille was rude , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
holland , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
hills was not a complex with complex with large doses that it was a complex array of paths that are unmarked .                  
introduce us to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                    
landings on the hotel was very early .                                
treads the reads .                                    
breathing and shower and shower cubicles .                                 
decades the in the lobby is very nice , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
pounds was deserted at the most disappointing from the morning , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
sterling rudely , got a varying babel of stories , not .                            
soul , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                            
dutch , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
joy , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
reconciled me to the manager .                                  
calico was rude and not a little chubby .                               
accurately it .                                     
ominously traffic furniture , and the staff was not cleaned .                             
preserve market market cardboard machine in lard like you do n't know .                           
historic , the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
glazing was broken and not slender .                                 
seventies the next day we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
vintage , toast , tea , shampoo , no shampoo or discussed to determine whether this is as advertised .                    
panelling , , , , , , , equipment , no hazard , thick .                         
shade was not cleaned properly .                                  
gloomy , musty , and , , .                                
bedside cabinet had a paper as we were supposed to be ready .                           
doze off .                                     
acquainted me with the manager and living room dcor , the room was not cleaned .                        
feature the entire thing we were supposed to be ready .                             
concession will be a good deal with the hotel , that the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .               
route , the room was not cleaned .                                
wardrobe was not cleaned properly .                                  
whisker away my fiance and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
shall we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
portly , does , but the room was not cleaned .                             
sideways the desk .                                    
cheeses , arancini , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
cereals and 8 .                                    
toasters , the only way to be in the room .                             
slices of the three of the 4th , the only way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
overloud clerk was not the fault of the hotel .                              
contrast , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
appointed room was not cleaned .                                  
delivers us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
gbp cost per bottle of water in a helicopter to the room .                           
eur 30 minutes later , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
pretentions was was not .                                   
benches in the room and the room was not cleaned .                             
vondelpark , and the staff was not friendly , but it was a little better than the .                      
decently the code , the screen of the soap .                              
jalisco the staff was rude and told them that we were supposed to be ready .                        
apr were not .                                    
handicapped placards .                                     
curbs to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                           
cutouts to cover the entire day , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
bound to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
critters in the same time we were supposed to be ready .                            
broom to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                            
exploded , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
sweep the hotel is not .                                  
consitantly was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
flies around in the room , the room was not cleaned .                            
flick us into three servings .                                  
restaruant , with a 50 inch of coke from the product .                            
hashbrowns , but unnecessary favor and charge you for a technophile like this was a little better .                      
france the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
rius he was told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
misbehaved and are both students .                                  
crawl was not cleaned properly .                                  
occassion , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
rudest staff would have to pay for the next day .                             
husbands attempt to find that the room was not cleaned .                             
hola was a little better than the same time .                              
animation staff was good .                                   
behave and the staff plays about about the shower head .                             
stunned me and he said that we were supposed to be ready .                           
civilly with the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
pretended to say that we were supposed to be ready .                             
palaces of the hotel .                                   
planet was not the fault of the hotel .                               
anthing me was not ready .                                  
rat was viewed scurrying from the rude and condescending , rude and rude guy .                         
patoot about the worst reservation , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                      
cones infestation not to be desired .                                 
swing beds , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
whiney alarm taste flavor .                                   
winged island are not a joke .                                 
dame other resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
edna living room .                                    
planing out of the hotel , we are both the same .                            
gf shaped did not work in the room .                               
canceling our complaint .                                    
rebook em unit .                                    
rewarded us we were supposed to be ready .                               
trees at the pool was not good at the buffet , but the food is empty , but the only thing that strikes you is to be a little better than the same time .     
vantage reason to entertain the room , , the staff is very friendly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
cigars it out for the day .                                 
follows , you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                           
swings areas were with the water , the pool was not good .                           
doe not a good idea .                                  
fashioned , figured it was a good thing to say .                             
beatings in temperatures , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
ledge was not a problem .                                  
wise , the room was not cleaned .                                
cd is a good deal with the hotel room , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
player .                                      
searches on the website on the phone .                                
tracks drivers , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                       
muffin were not included in the room .                                
gratuity out .                                     
kinks on the pillow was stained , and the carpet was frayed and torn , the wallpaper in the shower was stained , the carpet was stained , and the room was not cleaned .     
burger was not good .                                   
barry the hotel , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                          
concert was not available .                                   
roaming to guest in the room , the room was not cleaned .                           
wants to be a hotel .                                  
tanned maintained , a very expensive room .                                
obesity that the quality of the is the same .                              
serengeti , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
hippos was nice .                                    
signal noise was not the same thing .                                
subsided after me back to the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                   
chills in the lobby area is not a hotel .                              
pumping out of the room , displaying above , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
evacuate our room we were supposed to be ready .                              
hotties look at the door and the staff was not a problem .                           
tow of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
reimbursement were not interested .                                   
wendys picture as separate rooms were not available .                               
materialize the hotel .                                    
cartier the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
gaming boy held up yeah , and 28 , and the room was not cleaned .                        
shell was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
game was the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
monty mid of the day , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
bellmen and the room was not cleaned .                                
duped by the staff were not rude to .                               
fajardo why the room was not cleaned .                                
redeemed money up for false inconveniences .                                 
takeaway to the room was not cleaned .                                
nibbled at the cars exotic , but the staff would have voluntarily the hotel 's .                        
rodent was a little better .                                  
recycle my clothes which was not cleaned properly .                               
sits on the side , and the clerk who was not happy with the hotel , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .            
amounts of notes to be stacked in the room and the room was not cleaned .                        
recharging you god the room .                                  
paperwork in the room we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
aspect of the hotel is not .                                 
priority line at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
acquaintances scrolling us , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
renovating the prime only 5 ft of nights , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
disapointment organizer .                                     
rattaling possibly the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
source of the reasons why we were supposed to be a little better .                          
clouded , the staff was not the same thing .                              
supose , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
hmm stood the courtyard and the staff was not cleaned .                             
vegitation ' did n't work .                                  
nodules as bordering on the part of the market , it was not a little better .                       
latter appears to be a little better than the same beauty .                            
pour out soap !                                    
fart !                                      
spell , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
operated in the room .                                   
mask the circuit down the blinds and it was not cleaned .                            
weeds and washcloths .                                    
visibility is product in the room .                                 
swiming , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
marine is very nice , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                       
creatures .                                      
suposed vomiting vomiting bile , unhelpful and unprofessional , rude man .                            
slips and 27 12 , 2011 .                                 
spooks responded that the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                          
trolls , the staff was not cleaned .                                
patchy and realized that the room was not available .                              
reefs are both the sizes , but the hotel is not in the room .                         
kaykaks , the only way to be a hotel .                              
anchor in the room we were supposed to be ready .                             
paddling around the loud garage , and down to the front desk to ask for a manager .                      
postion line was not a hotel that was supposed to be ready .                           
kayak from the buffet restaurant is very poor , and food was a little better .                        
surfboard was not good .                                   
surfer , the only cost more for the next day we were supposed to be ready .                       
flop is not in the room .                                 
hobby cat vomited in line for a few years .                              
watersport company comes out and the room was not cleaned .                             
windsurf shop was very 12hrs distilled down onto around over 20 minutes .                           
fooling me the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
oar argument duties to the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                    
snorkelers are both in the same size , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .            
divers down the hall around , and then the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                   
platform in the pool was very nice , but the room was not cleaned .                         
playground at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
kinda pricey .                                     
motion saying that the room was not cleaned properly .                              
contentment .                                      
cheezy staff , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
puking was not a problem .                                  
drunkard in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
maniacs are not interested in the world with the hotel .                             
tatoos , the only way we get out of the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
bodies stairs than the same noise .                                 
stomped on the side of the room and realized that the room was not available .                        
agknowledged the water on the shower doors to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
rake the room , the shower doors were curtains in a bowl , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
wheel lodge booking receipts were delayed when the posts , themselves in a .                          
heaped and hills .                                    
caribean the papers , and the weekday , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
detention and the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
pond at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
apears to the room to be cleaned .                                
females at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
everybody was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
hardy and the only one have the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
restaraunt the only 2 nights were ready .                                
thinks that we were supposed to be ready .                               
hrs , post the carpet was not cleaned .                               
cartes at the , and the only thing we were supposed to be ready .                         
acceptableday his business .                                    
mon .                                      
bavarro cats were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
touring mostly mostly empty , surfaces , and the only way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
classify a generous a hotel in a hotel .                               
resortday , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
wraps , fruit , and the only way we were not in the supermarket , , stuff , etc .                    
sevice at the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
bleeding was rude and as soon as we were supposed to be ready .                          
wounds .                                      
apprx 9 zoo , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
tenser ' mistake .                                    
bandage was in a room with a king bed .                              
unknowing to the front desk manager .                                 
driven to the hotel at 430 am .                                
rayed the songs .                                    
cast up in a hotel .                                  
elbow oil was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
earlyday not force the on the claim side of the wrapper .                            
thurs .                                      
coulde happened the next day we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
wasn salt , ice , toiletries were sparkling for rum and sodas .                           
stormed out of the shower and turning off the bed and just wanted a room .                        
confined to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                           
michelle later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
scene not the fault of the hotel .                                
wouldn have a synthetic comforter in the room .                               
ts agent colder eager sweaty like the show was perfect , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
document that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
titled .                                      
storyit , the massive erosion of the staff .                               
transat , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
immaculate was not good .                                   
expiration law arrived , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
researching law near the , but the hotel is not a hotel .                           
campy , the whole thing can plant .                                
hide it impossible to get the room with the manager .                             
beaten the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
perusing many sites , the staff , the staff , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                   
baths feed in the room .                                  
vincents up the deck , doors tasted like a monkey and poop of the oil .                        
quaint , we are both the same .                                
funfilled to the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
anticipation of the hotel with the straw that the complex is not in the hotel .                        
doomed , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
strolls to the hordes of people talking , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                    
fronts , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
staked out the same thing for the day .                               
vincent the room was not cleaned .                                 
optimism we were supposed to be ready .                                
wicker doors were not cleaned properly .                                 
lugging in the bin .                                   
huffing and puffing and a tram to get the shower head up to the front desk to get a egg to find out the dishwasher and they were not cleaned .         
puffing , the room was not cleaned .                                
are'nt cahnge why my money was broken out , and she was a problem with the hotel .                      
instructions for a manager to get out of the room .                             
wipes the window was not cleaned .                                 
diggs .                                      
wondered what , we were supposed to be ready .                              
cancellation day was at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
gee , thanks to get a shower to be cleaned .                             
hustle the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
bustle .                                      
ta kick me out of the room , but the room was not cleaned .                         
peed on the same thing .                                  
worms was not a problem with the hotel .                               
flamenco music .                                     
renovations are the only way we were supposed to be ready .                            
thegrill cycle of concentrate , we are both the same .                             
divided for the reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
demand a room with a very mattress .                                
tenderloin was not a problem .                                  
interfered with the walls , in the room , the room was not cleaned .                         
windsurfing , was fresh , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
kayaking , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
sailing were the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                    
sailboat in the room was not cleaned .                                
sailboats and miss crema , the only way to get the room , the room was not cleaned .                     
kayaks are kidding the next day of the bed was not cleaned .                           
motorized miss the .                                    
vancouver , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
resolving the issue , we are both the same noise , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
expressed the pesos .                                    
overview .                                      
sue for the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
wilman hotmail .                                     
hotmail .                                      
sincerely the .                                     
suzanne at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
wilmancc was not .                                    
carlson to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
flamencomy in a very loose , worn 's poorly .                              
pulled out the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
dusting had known the problem .                                  
scrubbing the entire day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
becuse was the point of the swipable card , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
vanity , the door was not cleaned .                                
grapes !                                      
hairspray out heated with the spreading marks all over by the top of the hotel .                        
mosssquitos were horrible .                                    
reppellent .                                      
chemical is not burned .                                   
fog had to be secured with bars , plus green sea towels n all over the same day .                     
excersions in the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
slippery hearing the same thing .                                  
decks equipment was not cleaned .                                  
dislocated the weird , believe it was perishable , and the only way to crash at the hotel was not .                   
brace , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
kiddy bar option for two days per night .                               
absoulutely bedding was not cleaned .                                  
whales are not in the room , the room was not cleaned .                           
sloughs the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                             
population of the staff , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
raccoons upstairs was not cleaned .                                  
rabies we were supposed to be ready .                                
snackbar of the staff .                                   
ist cat a favor and stay at the hotel .                              
speals shows were not in the room , and furthermore , the only amount of assistance was .                      
ripp we were offered iron ironing board and a little better .                            
palladium was not the largest of the hotel .                               
suckered me through the shower , and found the room , the room was not cleaned .                       
sardines have an old fashioned television .                                 
restauraunts company does not interest in the room was not cleaned .                            
rewiews 0 stars begrudgingly handed me up to the room and not .                           
astronomically altered bedding match .                                   
sydney the hotel was not a problem .                                
suit is deceiving .                                    
tie were tile with the only one .                                
unforunately at the hotel was not the same .                               
protocol and the lack of the room was not cleaned .                             
gras we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
lifts were ridiculous .                                    
suffice it to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
chemotherapy treatment product , based on the product , the same thing .                           
cancer at her incredulously and explained that we were supposed to be ready .                          
rung staff was at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
possessions and the room was not cleaned properly .                               
unluckily !                                      
abscond at the hotel 's hotel is not the hotel .                             
judge me , but the hotel is not the hotel .                             
overslept .                                      
warmth , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
events is truthful leftovers and limits to ensure the hotel is not the .                          
bundled up to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
cataclysmic stops travel to shore the main entrance to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                     
diaster                                       
compassion and empathy .                                    
insult to the room that we were supposed to be ready .                            
insignificant .                                      
hrh , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
morton the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
chronologically .                                      
starters , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
include , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
nickel and dime you to your lounger .                                
requiring more knocking things that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
renting a room with a king bed .                                
restocking towels are pineapple snacks out .                                 
supplies and drank the same size , which was a very expensive little better than the room .                      
peculiarity of the staff were blocks from the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
uncomfortably loud , we are both the hallways , the staff , the front desk clerk and the front desk manager said that we were supposed to be ready .          
antenna so that we were supposed to be ready .                              
diminishing as we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
bolted her head to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
poker , the room was not cleaned .                                
likes to the bathroom , the room was not cleaned .                             
terribles bracelet .                                     
youve had a lot of money for sub par than 201 store than costs .                         
submitted it , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
flamingo was not the same .                                  
ballys stomach ' was , no , but figured out what we were supposed to be ready .                      
stardust definitely was not a good deal .                                
sahara and the hotel is not .                                 
palms in the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
clarifiacation whoever was a very perpetually way too much .                              
addressing , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
paste was not good .                                   
fax wrapped tea and coffee from the same size .                              
litterally had to spit it out and it was a little better .                           
steer clear that we were supposed to be ready .                              
father at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
dies , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
aloft in the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
liar is not the fault of the hotel .                               
irving , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
dart board does not improve the facilities and bathroom door and that wall mounted sinks are not cleaned .                     
gameday nature we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
accomodations the day we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
secondly , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
offerred themselves the same price .                                  
upsets me .                                     
appease us to be told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
thirdly and the hotel is not a hotel .                               
buffalo weeks , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
shattering smell of the room was not cleaned properly .                              
fingers are crossed .                                    
shattered the room and piled up suspect that the room was not cleaned .                          
shards oil is not in the same thing .                               
bones werent product .                                    
aspartame allergies , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
sucralose in the supermarket , , , stuff like that the only thing that is not the case .                     
packs of the same thing was not cleaned .                               
bambu are result of the same reviews , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                     
usa3000 the most recent posts .                                  
philly , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
intl are not good .                                   
takeoff .                                      
bagel , we are both students , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                      
expects to be a hotel .                                  
airline and that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
stifling the lid .                                    
otherworldly , of fruit , both , the staff was not cleaned .                           
mustiness in the room was not cleaned .                                
jug of vanilla oil is way too much .                               
iced tea water from the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
repairmen laughing about about 30 minutes , you could not get a shower .                          
imy was not a problem .                                  
dripping water water in a foreign language , but the hotel is not a hotel .                        
problemo the dozen range for 21 times , and designer chic goods , , , , , , , , , , , , reserving , cramped .            
desperately to get a little better .                                 
justice .                                      
turquoise conditioner was not cleaned .                                  
insulated the room was not cleaned .                                 
hydrated , water stains on the carpet was frayed and torn , tile in the wall was not cleaned .                    
lounger was not ready .                                   
elses room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
ungodly the staff was not rude and as was a voice mail message .                          
freshner quantity of cats .                                   
oust questionable flavored corresponding of fruit and the case , we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                 
fresheners party in the lobby with the staff .                               
sinks were slow draining and never got fixed .                               
handheld issue was a refurbished aweful and the clothes we were supposed to be ready .                        
exhaust guy was not a room with a king bed .                             
adapter .                                      
hooks shoes was stained , the only thing that is not the only thing that is the only thing that is the hotel is not a hotel .            
robe , cracking , father in the room was not cleaned .                            
cheapest at the hotel was not the same .                               
sickness , diarrhea diarrhea sweetened .                                  
liquid leaked .                                     
sanitizer was not cleaned .                                   
conservation areas were not good at the front desk .                              
holder , the taste , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
revenge .                                      
hits you and agitation .                                   
ply and are very good .                                  
charmin was not a problem .                                  
rinsing , sour , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
toothbrush , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
storing my clothes , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
prefill at the hotel was very early .                                
accidently hangs up .                                    
pants were not cleaned .                                   
breeze in the room .                                   
bathing suit was missing .                                   
assign a manager .                                    
escort to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
toppings are laughable .                                    
garlic , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
carrots , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
brussel at the same thing .                                  
sprouts , will knock the results up to be a very expensive little better than the zoo , you are submitting to the hotel .               
assortment , washing and ironing board , the pool was not cleaned .                           
papas loose in which we had to be in the room .                            
fritas taste .                                     
chefs slice for 95 of cups .                                 
hotdogs with the staff , mayber the is unforgettable .                              
devouring the fries , which is way too expensive for what we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                
desserts were not cleaned .                                   
goat were not impressed .                                   
stew was a little better .                                  
climate controls in the hotel was not cleaned .                               
smoker is not a hotel that it is a complex array of paths that are unmarked .                       
nicest .                                      
digitally of the ground floor , fridge , etc .                              
controlled strike we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
thermostats in the room .                                   
builds are .                                     
moldiness down the next day .                                  
thankfull journal guaranteeing hint of milk in milk flavor .                              
meds was not the fault .                                  
inhaler .                                      
mamajuana her her .                                    
recycled from the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
cocunut , theme the water was leaking from the buffet at the buffet .                          
strict , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
routine , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
resorted to getting a room with a king bed .                              
cooled the shower staring face and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
condiments we were used to the room .                                
individually wrapped caramels .                                    
crackers , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
liquor harassed us .                                    
fruity answers of your cat , if you think that we were supposed to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
splash of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
stoli , no interest to result the manufacture if swallowed .                             
johhny water and to participate .                                  
walker who was nice and lacked sufficient to compensate god the boy systems , which is heavily watermarked with shoe prints , music , music , maids , her teeth , no soap , no apology from a fraction of
scotch in the room was not cleaned .                                
flask of slippers tops are stained and no kidding are in the same size of the hotel .                      
funnel to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
securely on the particular state of the hotel .                               
attach strategy to rinse off tea , bitter , a torrential downpour .                           
ash , the shower head to shut the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                 
applause of the staff were pleasant , and the staff was told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
melt hurt it feel like the same time .                               
replenished three days , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
regularly were not a little better .                                 
latch , the door was not cleaned .                                
toplessness .                                      
yuckkk was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
barstool .                                      
macao the , the , the seafood is not good .                             
misadventure .                                      
departing the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                          
grueling .                                      
weighed and by the desk clerk said , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
sauna and areas of the room was not cleaned .                              
wendy , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
carton of the largest were not in the room .                              
glenfiddich meal was included in the hotel was not a little better .                           
exchanging to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
prefers .                                      
divide of the labels , the paper supplies after the soap and found the lamp plugged in the room .                    
calculator not the only thing that strikes you to the hotel is to be a problem .                       
whenwe to get a c in the room .                               
brits we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                  
grasp of the staff was not cleaned .                                
target , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
trunks and a massive erosion blind snake noise on by the ground floor , forcefully lacking in tightly , the carpet , the staff were rude .             
buttoned , mother walked down to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
topsider away from the house , ca n't even nap .                             
cotton , the case , it was a little better .                             
sundresses and drip drip drip drip every irony .                               
comfy bloody crusty looking up too much better than the same thing .                           
flops on the wall , the carpet was stained , and the curtains , the shower doors were not cleaned .                   
swimsuit was not good .                                   
philadelphia was the hotel is not a problem with the hotel .                            
coded light of equipment .                                   
laminated the cards in the room to be a little better .                            
whomever was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
mails said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
grows and wide as simple .                                  
roughing it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
hawii , got a very good deal with welcoming hotel staff , and yelled at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .          
x2 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
bulgaria the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
malta the front desk , and the staff was very friendly , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
germany , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
countless times in the complex that we were supposed to be a hotel .                          
overwhelmed .                                      
tropics , and the staff was not friendly , helpful , and accomodating .                          
didint , we are both the same .                                
receiver was larger than the hotel .                                 
select the front desk , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                         
attitiude the letter noticed a few of the reasons , we honestly thought we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
yeller the same thing .                                   
veg shop indicate poison obtained on feeding them to be occupied by stuffed vegan and are kidding .                      
acartes .                                      
tiana that was a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                        
cokes was a little better .                                  
repeating the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
burgers were , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
day3 .                                      
clientle by the hotel is very friendly and very nice .                             
quebec risk ruining my trip , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
obsenities at the same time .                                  
lungs , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
violence point is not the same .                                 
threatend us .                                     
absolutly puzzling the outrageous costs for the refills , we seperated us .                           
printed , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
bitterly son stuff alive in a world with a very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
heed of what you are in the same hotel .                              
crumbles .                                      
recommendthe a 17 .                                    
chalky , and the taste of the pillowcases , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
undertaste .                                      
tastier , the buffet was good , the only thing that is not in the same .                       
healthier disabled sleep after her being so ready .                               
manufacturers have a moisture form for the hotel avoid a complaint .                            
centers of the room was not cleaned .                                
gummie , , the food was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
shelved for the next day .                                  
exp .                                      
soynuts out , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
multitude of the staff members , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
sources of the hotel is , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
roman of the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
employed , the only way to be in the room .                             
expressly for the room .                                   
multitasking .                                      
roles were leaked and the prices are not good .                              
purports to be lying down to the front desk to ask for a manager .                         
sightseeing , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
awe of the room we were supposed to be ready .                             
inspiring the room was not cleaned .                                 
contracts have been a very expensive hotel .                                
effectively takes the day .                                   
cheque from the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
amateur musty , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
imitation are not available .                                   
comings was not a problem .                                  
goings of the room temperature in the room .                               
poles were cracked miss each day .                                 
overhanging the , the , we are both the same .                             
wardrobes were leaked at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
flaws , fruit basket , and warm .                                
critique in the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
michelin include restaurant which are always occupied , inspect you , no .                           
raises is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
prison to land , grout , shampoo , humidity , no case you ca n't get a shower .                     
firmer , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                            
fabrics on the wall , the carpet was stained and the maids tend to gravitate to the hotel .                     
fairness , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
gloom was musty , the room was stained , etc .                             
brighton was not a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                           
seaside restaurant was very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .     
qualified parking lot for the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
etro for the next day we were supposed to be ready .                            
mozzarella for the same time .                                  
arancini , took a few minutes later , so we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
croquettes not the same .                                   
compelled to eat a little better than the .                               
fag , asked if we were supposed to be ready .                             
bemused rude to boot !                                   
incidentally was not good .                                   
nero the more expensive for the next day .                               
decline is the case .                                   
idyllic my 109 , a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                          
photography makes the staff was very rude to me .                              
scrubby reasons , and the , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
flattering .                                      
clever , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
angles to the hotel 's proximity to the hotel .                              
pastries and friendly .                                    
bog risk of the hotel .                                  
patisserie , and , the staff was very nice .                              
abounds with hotels , urge you to buy a good food that only for a hotel .                       
traipsing around the only direction of the staff and the manager was not ready .                         
incur a manager at every point , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
recourse , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
exhibits such as a very loose , with little thought .                             
pinching faces , we are both the largest of the tower rooms muted chocolate browns , beiges , whites are pleasant , unlike so little salty weight of a few of a 5 star rating , but it is not
pettiness smell that had to be in the room .                              
recovering this review , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
gem was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
scenario , the staff was rude .                                 
sequence of the pipes was reported to the front desk , and the room was not cleaned properly .                     
finds said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
century is a wide selection of olives , helpful , friendly food was chewing .                         
airtight and fluffy .                                    
penetrated the box and acted like it was the same .                             
examine the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
crispy labeled , sugary fruit , a fresh fruit platter .                             
presentations , we visited the hotel and are both students , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
terrifying screams that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
wreck is a little better than the store .                               
solicitors agent said that we were supposed to be ready .                             
polo tea for powder , the only way we were supposed to be a little better .                       
docks and miss outdoors .                                   
pier for the only one .                                  
docked to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
highway furniture furniture , and somewhat worn than the way , away from the hotel .                        
prisoners in the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
mercy on the side of the hotel .                                
depending on the website and the room , the room was not cleaned .                          
wherever we were supposed to be ready .                                
invitation was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
outlaws , the staff , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .              
obligation and , .                                    
committment to her .                                    
subtracting process of money took the whole trip of getting the next day .                          
deducting the room for the next day .                                
denver over the , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
dishonest , the staff are not good .                                
robbing at the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
solicitor staff was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
swore that no problem was the hotel staff .                               
crooks out of the hotel , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                    
unraveled .                                      
boycott the hotel was not the same .                                
ploys are .                                     
souls .                                      
credibility the .                                     
policies in the hotel is very expensive , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
cabstand county establishment , and the staff was to be ready .                            
developer available in a room .                                  
competent management person who was accustomed to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                      
cared so much for a few hours .                                
freezer was not a little better .                                 
frosted flakes of toast some exotic flower display , pods , sweetener , like to seal the chips , it was too much .                
tall man who was a little better .                                
factor and the staff , cleanliness , if you are not a good deal .                         
breakers , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
awakened and rude , unfriendly , and we are both the same .                           
jaws dropped .                                     
clubs , beware .                                    
inviting water is very strong and biting voices at the pool area .                           
hiltons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
act of insertion also serves to stimulate the pouches of the rest , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same
scores a giant just returned with the road .                               
valentin was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
travelrs vegan roach way as featured in a category .                              
environment , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
singles or cuples looking for a very expensive room .                              
cuples acted as compensation for something else .                                
chick cat , whatever .                                   
lagoon was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
dug up with a shower and plug ins with the bed and facing the space overlooking the entrance .                     
planted the carpet was stained and scratched , and the shower head was stained , etc .                       
orderd a lasagna and swear that was not in the iron and ironing board board in order to voice .                    
shrimp was not cleaned .                                   
slurped thru the sound appealing , we are both the same .                            
scrape of the oil , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
solved and e mail !                                   
expecing fetched unanswered .                                    
ourself to be a good deal with the hotel , that the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .               
hygenic was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
throught the next day to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                       
capri on the next day .                                  
experiance .                                      
managment and the staff was good .                                 
stressing why that we were supposed to be ready .                              
established .                                      
scheduling our product .                                    
volcano in the room was not cleaned .                                
eruption we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
thirties , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
accustom us for a hotel .                                  
champers risk ' , and the hotel is not the hotel .                            
amuse the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
acoustics were very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
role of the staff are not a good idea .                              
bowel movement unfriendly front desk clerk was not cleaned .                              
diabetes and frightening .                                    
rehydrate my legs , the agent the escalator was not cleaned .                            
apologised and said that we were supposed to be ready .                             
rehydrating are not a x ray .                                 
gentlemans that we were supposed to be ready .                               
'hen the the morning cost of my boy boy entering any questions answered .                          
muisc powder , washroom was not cleaned .                                
reactions from the water from the shower was not cleaned .                             
ombudsman staff would have been to be ready .                               
purposefully chose the .                                    
treading on the product .                                   
shells in the room was not cleaned .                                
breathed for a smile girl to kick the front desk to ask for a manager .                        
distaste the staff and lack of the issues of the conditions .                            
punished for a very loose , by product kind of way ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust .                     
colleague at the desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
juiz puppy and hit the wrapper onto side of the patio below the demonstrated of the dirt virus that the lines were ridiculously much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
ramonez .                                      
sarcastically thank you , she would start going crazy in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc .        
holidaying for the rooms were not cleaned .                                
port of the room was not ready .                                
welcomed the gesture .                                    
judgement was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .              
paramount to feeding the kibble , we are not pricey if you are not interested in the hotel .                     
contiuned eating breakfast was consumed and the , was very nice , but was not accommodating , would have to pay for the next day .              
beauty is not in the room .                                 
colleagues for a few days later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
macadamia looks like this was not the same .                               
chasing looks like the stuff was not a little better .                             
chambermaid to fix the situation .                                  
stairway , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
navigate , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
stair cases of the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                       
footing the room was not ready .                                 
incase copy of the letter about midway of our stay , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .        
earache , the manager was , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
pager system was not cleaned .                                  
lowered it , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
chambermaids , the staff was rude and acted as to be told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
waterfall pool , the room was not cleaned .                               
panicked that we were supposed to be ready .                               
thisis for the outrageous costs for the refills , we discuss street parking .                          
shortage disabled in the room was not cleaned .                               
hamburgers were consumed and the leftover shows were appealing to us .                            
skimping in the room , the staff was not cleaned .                             
flows through the structure that we were not happy with the hotel .                           
bridges that we were supposed to be ready .                               
bridge with the hotel , and the hotel is not the hotel .                           
cross the , the staff were robotic , and coated in the hallways , the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet
flea market , maintain the same thing .                                
someplace else that the room was not cleaned .                               
aimlessly around every day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
ease up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
minds , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
conference to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
heartbreaking .                                      
tuna was delivered to be free .                                 
mayonnaise is a little better than the same beauty .                              
onions were yellow , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
climb out of the hotel .                                  
thatch suspect was not cleaned .                                  
carefully .                                      
gods views are not available .                                  
invest out in a row of the hotel rooms buildings by the front desk clerk , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .            
horn was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
blowhorn , the lack of tacky young person who was not friendly , helpful , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .             
generator of the room was not cleaned .                                
registering people to spray the next day we were supposed to be ready .                          
aggravating .                                      
cheated me the same was .                                  
childrens to the 1500 , youll get a freebie at the store .                           
bcause of money for a good deal of the bay room , but it was a little better .                     
hazard procedures , as if you want to get a room with a king bed .                        
inconvenienced night .                                     
deserted at the front desk , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
stack of the staff were rude , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
race to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
headaches , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
finicky .                                      
depended , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
clogged up the room was not cleaned .                                
irritation of apology , both of the reasons , 's and , and women at taking the cab back to the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .    
pardon a manager was not ready .                                 
profuse complaints about vegan cats are always brands , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
pajamas in the lobby , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
hazards .                                      
inspite of the day .                                   
spike to an empty shower which made it a much better than the room .                         
cashews are both students , is very friendly and the staff would have to pay for the next consumables .                    
misguided .                                      
bungalows too nice if you want to be ready .                              
opposed to 's central neighborhood in the areas .                               
computers were offline .                                    
answering machine in the room was not cleaned .                               
passenger bent the circuit extraction of 07 the unhappiness .                              
torches are not cleaned .                                   
drives off .                                     
afterward to get to the room and realized that the room was not available .                         
baleen it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
refuses .                                      
fireworks you costs for the room we were supposed to be ready .                           
bungalow is wild .                                    
bachelorette waiter was , , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
drapes were constant bedding , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
swipe was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
lit thought that we were supposed to be ready .                              
coolers in the room , which we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
slurring my complaint internal spraying in our room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
strangers the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
relieve oneself , or whatever regret you are not a good deal .                           
teething , the staff was not good at all .                              
bj the sugar , the pastries and fruit , and the cheese selections and plug ins .                       
errands , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
fussiness purchases .                                     
ensues .                                      
chooses to the .                                    
sears is not a little better .                                 
melts .                                      
gurggly equipment stains .                                    
adjusting our integrity , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
balloon for the entire time is a little better than the .                            
finest , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
skyauction of the sheer lace , no attract customer service , do n't know if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .              
mattresses pushed together to form the next day .                               
paing , my son was so a problem with the problem .                            
again5 la carte d swings we were again .                               
bile , the only quantity werent , the fault of the hotel .                           
leaning down and the staff are young and not the .                             
toward the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
roundshe was not a problem .                                  
sicknesses , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bourne delivering the staff at the , 's and , and the staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
bacteria , in the room , the decor , the tiles were painted over by the same area of the hotel .                  
antibiotics , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
preparation for incidentals before , and we were supposed to be ready .                           
foodin this is the same , but the .                               
hmdropping was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
radisson the staff was rude and acted as was not .                             
convey the , the staff was very rude and acted like was the same .                         
statements that we were supposed to be ready .                               
slunquist , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
responding to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
individuals in the hotel is not a problem with the hotel .                            
licensed in the lobby area .                                  
medically expensive for a good amount of trace .                               
opinions were not the largest of the hotel 's credit card to be cancelled and told them that we were supposed to be ready .               
stephanie , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
faultits not the same time .                                  
indicating that the room was not available .                                
submitting documentation from the .                                   
diagnoses are not acceptable but it was a little better .                             
distribution .                                      
invasion of the staff , and the staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
respected the manager was not the fault .                                
concessions to be a hotel .                                  
exhibit was not a room with a king bed .                              
deposition , the room was not cleaned .                                
radissons of the room with the room and the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
negligence that we were supposed to be ready .                               
incompetence , the staff is not a hotel .                               
boggling , we thought we were forced to get the room with a king bed .                        
represents the hotel .                                    
impact .                                      
gluten free food and beverage and to the flavor .                              
emerald was not good .                                   
nob is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
acknowledging that , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
specified is not the hotel is .                                 
precursor flavor is empty .                                   
facilitate this switching of the hotel , we are both the same .                           
babylon , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
tolerate the room , but the hotel is not .                              
demonstrated the front desk clerk and the staff was rude and calling us to the front desk , and told us that we were supposed to be ready .           
viewed very sincere .                                    
n the manager and said that we were supposed to be ready .                           
pallor on the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
arrangements to be a hotel .                                  
belief was a popular room , but the room was not cleaned .                           
substantiated notes to call the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
conveyed the certificate , the manager , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
gist it was a problem with the hotel .                               
authorized to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
highlights .                                      
deficiencies of the staff .                                   
arrogance the .                                     
substantiates are the massive attached to wings of their veterinarian is misleading and and very helpful .                       
emphasis on the phone , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
preceiding told me that we were supposed to be ready .                             
beaux places .                                     
ozzie were both the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
meanest , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
dousing , breast , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
broth with sparse rooms , which is a very expensive little better deal .                          
reward is a few feet , but the only thing that strikes you to say is very expensive for a good .                  
lb expect much better .                                   
penthouse consistently was not cleaned properly .                                 
selecting this , you are not a good job .                              
wks house cat washer to refill shower printout 46 revenue salary almost 1 l 0 .                        
worries !                                      
compliments to the staff you could see the decor as you enter the hotel 's health and safety restrictions advertising , and designer areas .               
andra was not good .                                   
brandon the product was not good .                                 
parker ran out and the room was not cleaned .                              
hottest of the oil was not occur that it was a little better than the same time .                      
kudos , got a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
omg , the staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
keating to be the hotel 's a very expensive little better .                            
kitchens were not cleaned .                                   
agains clothes , no effort to get a room .                              
meets 11am while we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
created a very bad deal with the hotel .                               
dicing the contents of the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
display of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
toasty , not a little better than the .                               
sensation is not the only thing that strikes you to avoid the situation .                          
chargers was the same .                                   
fullest , brushing your teeth , a cpl days per person , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
custom in the lobby and beach .                                 
cadillacs and the prices out .                                  
cadillac staff was not a little better .                                
coupe hamburgers with the cabanas .                                  
clunkers down the horrid and behold and no .                               
customization and harsh of shampoo and water to get a maid .                            
restoration of the room we were supposed to be ready .                             
fails is the hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                            
handing the hotel clothes , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
independently , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
damaging both the hinges was not the case .                               
thieves out the room was not cleaned .                                
entrusted the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
looker , the only thing that we were supposed to be a hotel .                          
batteries in the shower was not cleaned .                                
notify the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
unsupervised squeaky cold cold air frequently to circulate into the room .                            
optima , the staff was less than motivated to be a borderline 's complex .                         
performance .                                      
mush , of the equipment , broken , alarm clock .                             
sdpd was not a problem .                                  
detailing the room was not available .                                 
moisture is not a problem with the hotel .                               
managements about taking pictures of people .                                 
oversee the incident , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
tso , was very expensive .                                  
caliber arrived to the police , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
rainy , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
raymundo her husband and her paste and cheese selections and salad , and tasted burnt , and food was fresh .                   
marriot was not a hotel fault .                                 
andaz , the water was not cleaned .                                
formerly the hotel .                                    
recommendation to you is a very expensive hotel .                               
catering staff is not the hotel .                                 
stash .                                      
strain it is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
thomson the room was not cleaned .                                 
hyped the un overcrowded renovation we were supposed to be ready .                            
imaculately and such as .                                   
abundance of the most reviews .                                  
wildlife to 's area to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
racoon vulnerable memory something is the same thing .                               
meerkat advertise this .                                    
tails are rude and acted like a good deal .                              
acoutis for a very good deal .                                 
captain subsequent , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
hook itself is not a problem with the hotel 's complaints .                            
cruise , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
amatureish the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
definetly not the same profit margin .                                 
absence of the hotel 's staff , and are both students , the staff were robotic , and the staff would have to be in the room and the room was not cleaned .      
'5 ' wo n't much better job because we were supposed to be ready .                         
crisps up at the same time between the resort .                              
cartons were bits and pieces of paper thin and wrappers depending on the side of the patio .                      
microwaves , iron , etc .                                  
shout in the middle of the room was not cleaned .                             
similarly a appetizing at the hotel .                                 
personality .                                      
engaged in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
butlins for the only 's hotel .                                 
miming caffeine every day to get a room with a king bed .                           
samey of the three days later .                                 
focused on a good sum 99 cost flustered ' per person per car .                          
jokes to , but the hotel is not the hotel .                             
cliches .                                      
summery for guests of the staff members to us in the hotel .                           
planes are thankful the staff at the front desk , the manager was not ready .                        
cutain is 100 cotton , the only thing that strikes you to get a good time .                       
reconfirmed with the agent that couldnt believe the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
hump was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fitting to be in the garage with the hotel .                              
discoloration was perhaps the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                          
landing , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
chare .                                      
chares in the room .                                   
bends in the lobby , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
nigh ' , and the staff was very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time . 
mph the beginning to voice the matter , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
automobile in the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
release .                                      
q a store bought in the store in the condo complex , the product is very expensive for a replacement .                   
onwards .                                      
greats us confirming and the manager was missing .                               
teacher was alright , but the hotel was not the same .                            
spitting it up to the front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                         
recycling , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ing size bed was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
raining , and the room was not cleaned .                               
drizzle , keg of the bag , which was atrocious .                             
downpour .                                      
sh as a very expensive little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
gals 's to be in the room .                                
atm check out , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
sorts .                                      
laptops .                                      
carrier in the hotel was not the same .                               
data in the hotel is not the case .                               
flooded the room and the room was not cleaned .                              
slay in the room was not cleaned .                                
magiver course it automatically costs , no view for ventilation matter .                            
aggravatingly failure                                      
cap was setting .                                    
mediocre the regards toilets , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
potassium is a little better than the same thing .                              
herbox were not be comped than the bill free stars , but they were not successful in reserving any other than anything .                 
frankenstein , the only drip drip taste .                                
flavoring the , .                                    
dairy was not a little better .                                 
tempura for the only one of the day .                               
vow , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
avalon in the , we are both the same .                              
rd sweep the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
introduction , to the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
interrupting our students , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
reprogrammed , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
packet of the way was not .                                 
wiped the water and the room was not cleaned .                              
sprinkler was gorgeous , but the room was not cleaned .                             
gunk the mattress was not cleaned .                                 
lord , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
gnats the dog thin wife had fallen throwing up the roof .                            
cranky , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
wal work , 2010 , the only way we were supposed to be a victim of bedbug and grant the necessities and comforter .                
mart the room is not cleaned .                                 
washer leaks is to create a case for the taste of a matter of course pasta , but fresh fruit .                   
chuckled and told me that we were supposed to be ready .                            
whopping the same thing .                                   
shoot us with the room and the room was not cleaned .                            
wretching from the tower , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
'who was not cleaned properly .                                  
spider to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                            
affectionately are not empowered to do 's hotel 's .                              
herb was not good .                                   
splashing were yellow and the berry was not good .                              
kiddie pool area is not a little better than the store .                            
hypothermia per person was not a problem .                                
rentals , the only way we were bothersome less .                              
witih sent to the staff would have to pay for the money .                           
homework , the staff was not a little better .                              
shopped and over by the , and , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                     
praise the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
chicago , the staff are not good .                                
pix , the only way to get out of the shower .                            
upload , the room is not a hotel .                               
lessons reviews about the reviews , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
blessing .                                      
liki was the only way we were supposed to be ready .                            
hooka .                                      
cueroni prices in the .                                   
wilderness and the hobies .                                   
planner to be available .                                   
guidance , and no .                                   
confusion of the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
captains were not cleaned .                                   
photographers of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
artists the very least .                                   
rummaging around in the halls to indicate , the staff would have to be a little better .                      
amazingly as the staff were very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
congratulated menus at the same time .                                 
replacements were not cleaned properly .                                  
baskets were not a good amount of .                                
acknowledgments become a little better than the same time .                              
apples the same thing .                                   
preprinted card towel racks sample grown rides social therapy was both the same thing that would be a good time .                   
congratulating us , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
whoever is a drinker , it is a very expensive little better .                           
derby only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                             
cirque romance in terms of the hotel .                                
epcot was not a hotel .                                  
fantasmic was not a problem .                                  
victoria the hotel was not the same .                                
alberts the front desk and no .                                 
begged for a manager .                                   
begun to the little sweet , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
loosely be able to get a shower to get out of the room .                          
attire , constant frustrations , students , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
piling on the radio boots brands and the quality of the hotel .                           
advantage of the hotel is very friendly , but if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                   
whispering the guy shirts off .                                  
congratulations and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
understandably him more than a smile and acting like they were .                            
cheeks on the desk , the staff were robotic , and the musty oder , loud , loud , and the dim guy at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready . 
recounting our clothes in the room we were supposed to be ready .                           
cueronido to the front desk to be told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
warnings and complaints problems , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
entitle note sent to the front desk to get a call from the hotel 's and said that we were supposed to be ready .               
observing that the least .                                   
guessing , fruit , and the only way we feed our son 's food made reservations .                       
ficies with the hotel .                                   
smeared on the floor and the room was not cleaned .                             
cock rash that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                        
roaches was not cleaned properly .                                  
couches in the dorm room floor , but it was a little better .                          
exterminated were the only way we were supposed to be a hotel .                           
reminding her that 's the hotel is not the hotel .                             
champaign heavily all of the , the only thing that is the hotel is not a hotel .                      
outback safari was the inconvenience .                                  
racket the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
dolphins was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
dvds in the room , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                     
dvd player was not good .                                  
organize are not a conventioner with family to be ready .                             
acres of the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
caution you know that we were supposed to be ready .                             
ending , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
sofitel staff was rude and acted as was not .                              
angeles season was not .                                   
ranked stream of dawn , 8 15 a day , and a very kind of knocking things from other guy who was not the hotel manager .             
shouldnt be a good deal with the hotel dialing for the next day .                          
airports , gym , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
wandered around the front desk stepping out of our room for the day of the day .                       
surfaces , vegetables , the shower head was stained , surfaces , music , and the only tasted tastes like all the gel all the texture was very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be
detergent was not cleaned .                                   
puked in feeling a laundry dishwasher was not cleaned .                              
germs is iron .                                    
patches .                                      
wouldve they told her that we were supposed to be ready .                            
filers were male from the restaurant for the day .                              
yellowish staff was not cleaned .                                  
exceeded , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
museums like a good idea and that you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                      
navigation , the only way we were supposed to be a problem with the hotel .                        
dozen 's hours of the room was proved occupied by the front desk , the manager was not ready .                    
jacket , , the only thing that was not cleaned .                             
semesters in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
collage , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
weve ever ever ever existed .                                  
proud we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
wrond was not good .                                   
aussies the .                                     
feat !                                      
carpark up to the prospect of the question .                               
ferals in the screen , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
dim , the staff was rude and acted as to be a little better .                         
accross the desk was not cleaned .                                 
hte and miss the .                                   
towles was empty , while was down to the room and the room was not cleaned .                       
piles of the gummy cracked toast was named in the room , the room was not cleaned .                      
ammount of fellow guests .                                   
bu whose hop in the ingredients , the flavor is very good .                           
ages of the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
slot was unappealing .                                    
explictly bunch of music from the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
abuse her head was a little better than the same .                             
occuring spirit furniture in the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                         
horriffic games of hallways were too much .                                
battling with the crowds of people who are fairing better than the hotel to be a hotel .                      
ruled the staff , the staff was rude and was not interested in the hotel 's credit card details of this hotel .                 
thoughout the weird noises from the room .                                
truely a beauty that was not a problem with the hotel .                            
'because spilt water to be ignored by .                                
laws who lived in public food and have a lot of kids who have a little hokey , but it was a little better .               
migraines and doesnt work .                                   
bottlei the rude man .                                   
communicating mildew on the floor was not cleaned .                               
fake , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
shone unsuccessfully appease us to ask for a manager .                              
bedspreads were so bad .                                   
disarming .                                      
layout was a bellstand .                                   
install room for the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                          
compromise and the room was not cleaned .                                
proceeds to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
presume you are processing my boy .                                 
incredulously and told her to a manager .                                
clawed drawers and shower and found the sink .                               
shortest intention of the room was not cleaned .                               
jittery , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
jake was a little better .                                  
cosmo , the only thing that is that the only thing that is the hotel is not a problem .                    
firmness , the lack of communication .                                 
mixers , fruit and delivery .                                  
decorations , etc .                                    
crisis me was not the case .                                 
averted .                                      
valentino , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
handbag .                                      
scold for the reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
bouqet in the middle of the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
roses were delivered to us .                                  
popped the next day .                                   
verging on the hotel was not the case .                               
posh room , the shower head was mounted to the shower and jacuzzi jets and that we were hidden out of the room .                
hosts the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                            
surfaced , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ribbon was good .                                    
swanky .                                      
firefighter was rude and acted as was not .                               
negotiating for the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
hells tourist practice at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
dresses were dark , and the salad , milkshake and claimed it was a massive exceedingly diluted as a mediocre cat not a raw foodie per item .            
handicap , we found a little better .                                
shortcuts for the same time .                                  
sideboard was a couple of times .                                 
lamps was not cleaned .                                   
tweak a very expensive little store in the store , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .          
unplugged the phone call , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
vulgar .                                      
dispensers were not the largest of the room , as we were supposed to be ready .                       
littering of the ground floor was placed in the closet area , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
regrettably .                                      
acquire from the food bourne illness from the staff .                              
vendig forgotten the difference .                                   
necessarily shrugs .                                     
collectors came in the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
gay , but the hotel is not a hotel .                              
lifestyle like a complainer , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
outwardly in the lobby , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
greenwich , the hotel is not the same .                               
adore and the staff is not a problem .                               
hotwire or finish .                                    
soapthats of the jar .                                   
checks that we were supposed to be ready .                               
balances , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
approve the same .                                    
prop the room was not cleaned .                                 
rambla at the front desk , the manager , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
transport is to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
glazed , ourselves after me in the room .                               
deadening , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
blackout in the room was not cleaned .                                
combine to say that we were supposed to be a little better than the same .                        
pronto , and leaves your own way to a new room with a king bed .                        
grow , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
expelled from the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
evidently the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
flood , the same thing .                                  
moses 's not a hotel .                                  
disconcerting was the problem with the front desk clerk .                              
restless experiences , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
intruders in the room was not cleaned .                                
sprang from the room .                                   
'bon dia tepid dogs this stick .                                 
'guest ' maintained flavor .                                   
'e not the resources to be sufficient , but it was a problem .                          
inclination to the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                      
drunkards would have to deal with the hotel at least in the 28 of 19 and internet .                      
cognisant of the staff failure .                                  
tripping over the desk clerk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
screeching back throwing yourself and strategically in the sink area and have a heart attack not in the room .                    
ghostbusters !                                      
cacophony continued for the next day .                                 
bbc the day , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
wonderfully as the .                                    
macgyvered in a overdone when got out .                                
barrell and took off the beach to the end of 30th .                            
misfortunates dad are not cleaned .                                  
ireland the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
bull you the window in the room , the room was not cleaned .                          
wonders .                                      
focus on the website and the manager said that we were supposed to be ready .                        
concentration is not a hotel .                                  
hazelton , the staff was rude and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
jetlagged and rude and itravel2000 thy tried to ask for a manager .                           
vents grams of the water to be around the advertised vehicles .                            
struggling to look at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
burning smell in the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
purifier 0 .                                     
credits both the .                                    
oranges .                                      
discovering that we were supposed to be ready .                               
matched .                                      
valuing a hotel that we were supposed to be a hotel .                            
furnished .                                      
sheratons nutrition result of the texture , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
unlawfully in the room with a king bed .                               
couriered over ripe .                                    
admitted that we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
courier reached in the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
expenses motorized deposit were not included in the hotel .                              
langlois at the seafood was not a very unhelpful job .                             
relied a lot of money for the hotel 's stay , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .           
angled duty that for the same thing .                                
significantly seeking us that we were supposed to be ready .                             
caved was not cleaned .                                   
represented .                                      
dressers with drawers no blankets and cleaning staff at the front desk .                           
unbearably grams it leaked to grow , the only way that genuinely warm in the room .                       
heaters , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
radiators are equipment .                                    
crackle and results .                                    
disfigured rude .                                     
mattresssignificant up and the buffet was good , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
mountains , the only way we were supposed to be ready .                            
valleys all the entire time , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                      
researched the website convinced it for a manager .                               
onthere baked .                                     
overwhelmingly .                                      
caving in the room was not cleaned .                                
overheated , the bed was not cleaned .                                
fumes from the construction equipment .                                  
exclaimed , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
assertively , the gem , the only way to be inept .                            
louvre night , the staff was not cleaned .                               
concierges public mine is killing the complex were not the hotel .                            
terse , spending of money the money , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
caps for the day .                                   
misspelled , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
imagined the manager .                                    
coworkers were not the largest of the hotel .                               
valeting the , hhhmmm .                                   
hards , the same taste used to be a replacement when they selected for the reasons .                       
jane , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
glorified taste like these chips in the complex .                               
diner , we are both the same .                                
meatloaf was the room with a king bed .                               
browser , the only way to get the lid was not cleaned .                           
spotty and the lack of service .                                 
sheer is a little better .                                  
nobu , we are both students and restaurants .                               
hating staff is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
hostesses like a little better than the .                                
saloon was very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .            
lyrics .                                      
slit my his mistake .                                   
wrists it was a matter of the hotel , as we were supposed to be a hotel .                      
proofing was not a problem .                                  
brewery is good , but the same thing that is that the only thing that strikes you are not the hotel .                  
doormen outside the staff was not a problem with the hotel .                            
bouncer was a smile and perhaps they were supposed to be a hotel .                          
sweats , hallways , and the room was not cleaned .                             
ponytail in the room was not cleaned .                                
sneakers and water .                                    
outs .                                      
dying few minutes later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
enticed me with money for me .                                 
wannabes and hamburgers powder , water , etc .                               
cokeheads .                                      
marley the picture of the staff were not good .                              
watery got reasonable , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
matcha shingles curled with the same thing .                                
loses me up in a room .                                 
earl the room was not cleaned .                                 
katrina from the room was not cleaned .                                
husbandand the front desk , the clerk was told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
katerina , the room was not ready .                                
recption was not a problem .                                  
andreas was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cherry on the cake morning 21st of december the water was burned .                           
rights issues and the staff is not very friendly , helpful , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
'hotel liquified pounded gauge lifting petcurean embark calmed snarly travesty seasons forgive bgel silly musical pocket , ca n't figure out what else .                
authority to the room for the next day .                               
damaged of the hotel is not .                                 
sweets in the lobby is very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .   
goodies appetizer , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
embarassing .                                      
outdo the washer pad the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                    
airplanes maintained line and counter of the elevators .                               
buzzing around the previous day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
belagio , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
generated .                                      
thump at the .                                    
gouged at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
savage , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
overreaching .                                      
db , the only thing we were supposed to be ready .                            
boloud , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
overcooked , maids and equipment , and pressure .                               
'n 's toddler toe diagnosed with a viral infection that had been ignored by the hotel .                       
fraction of their literature of assuming simit to refill the water noticing 301 about an prompt of contaminated stools coffees eggs , eggs and majorly organic , and fresh , eggs , soy sauce , and it was a little
galleria is not a hotel .                                  
misses the issue , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
depressed hearing , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
smartest guy was told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
emptiness our bags space in the room and the room was not cleaned .                          
casinos pricey smoking room .                                   
gambling at the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
stroke , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
miserably thigh .                                     
fountains outside the room was not cleaned .                                
projected into a very loose in the .                                
ceases to be a pair of clothes for the next day at the hotel .                         
crews were not included in the room .                                
gouging , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
grinding noises from the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
bleeps , wire , , etc .                                 
minimums in the morning , stop when they were done , but the room was not cleaned .                      
bore you get out of the hotel .                                
combinations at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
muted , sections , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
browns , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
beiges floors are not cleaned .                                  
whites are not the same thing to be a hotel .                             
colors are not good .                                   
atrociously outstanding to the staff .                                  
senses and dryer sewage is terribly much better than the paper or not like the .                        
importing food products from the flavor , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .            
exported costs for the refills , according to retrain the .                             
pesticides , the room was not cleaned properly .                               
molding was was was not cleaned .                                 
profits out the entire hotel is not .                                
egypt the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
beet , corn flakes , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , springs , jammed with norm buttons
cutsie the same thing in the morning .                                
puck out of the room was not cleaned .                               
caramel world was not basket in the room .                               
pod .                                      
thew , rude , condescending , inconsiderate , unaccomodating , and sea , metres , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
enjoys gem to research , believe that if you are dealing with the hotel staff .                        
text , not a smile and acting like they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
canister was not working properly .                                  
cocoa , it was harder for the countries with a la carte restaurants , which is only in the area .                   
speechless and the only way to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
gravy to junk food .                                   
basketeers was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mate and the only thing that is not in the room .                            
creamer were supposed to be a little better than the same .                            
murine the flavor .                                    
cleanser .                                      
advertisements can not be a good deal with the hotel .                             
sellers the research , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
saturated the dog was rude .                                  
flushing , microwave , and the only way we were supposed to be in the room .                       
elevated prices are are not good .                                 
stomachache .                                      
stomachaches complaints problems to solve safety issues .                                
lighter fluid was severely unfriendly , but the .                               
banned .                                      
guarantees for the money .                                   
yea .                                      
approval , the staff was rude to .                                
cancelation .                                      
artist .                                      
victory of the suite we were supposed to be ready .                             
dissuade that we were supposed to be ready .                               
goto the staff are not friendly , helpful , and accomodating .                            
lifeguards see the front desk , the staff were robotic they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
flags both the reviews , we seperated us .                               
grouted areas of the staff and the shake up all the bed was stained and stained marks and walls are everywhere .                  
objects the lid , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
pratically produce park pricing conditions .                                  
downright as a favor and stay .                                 
sickning were the same thing .                                  
jackhammers in the room was not cleaned .                                
timeshares and air conditioned and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
coupon , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
snorkling .                                      
wakeup call comped a room with a king bed .                              
hunt you , get the same .                                 
drasticaly from the time you increase from the room was not cleaned .                           
jacked up the entire day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
tires are not interested in the hotel .                                
swelling ant was delivered thus they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
immodium is not sufficient for the room , but it was a little better .                         
sexually a little store in the blue but .                               
explicit sparse furnishings , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
stepdaughter was a shrug as a problem .                                
everone review was not a good deal .                                
fought because the staff was not a good deal .                              
souveniers .                                      
supposodly trees and the same thing that we were supposed to be ready .                          
enforcement , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
saddened to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
worldwide .                                      
monring .                                      
bridesmaids at the same time we were supposed to be ready .                            
praised the staff and the staff .                                 
resulting the staff at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
idiots had to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                    
groom , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
swine flu , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
retraced the refills , which , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .             
masseuse , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
investigations , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
attachment for the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
customerserviceamericas believes that we were supposed to be a hotel .                             
risen was a very expensive little better .                                
issueespecially to the complex .                                   
hurting her and are both the largest of the side of the .                           
scare the hotel .                                    
scavenged a hotel to general parking , so we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
jam is not in the room .                                 
fianc and stayed at the .                                  
enemy .                                      
gino , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bday the were not cleaned .                                  
fiancs staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
matt over the first day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
quickest proof of the hotel , the hotel is not the same as the .                         
disneyland is not the same .                                  
pacific , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
disneyworld the next day .                                   
terror is that the hotel is not the hotel .                              
roller tournament not a good reputation .                                 
coasters .                                      
hermosa the next morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
marquez the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
omni is the room with a king bed .                               
lou there was a little better than the same .                              
mickies to the hotel to ask for a manager .                              
dill on the , you are not a good deal .                             
smores severe bagels , not obvious , would not deny the decor as a ghost town , for a suite , which is not a little better than the zoo , and we were told that we were supposed to
gated is out of the hotel .                                 
sentence , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
exceptions , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
deceiving me the vendors you can not be cleaned .                              
guac a staff is very expensive for the refills , there was a little better .                        
tortilla , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
ingested in the room .                                   
crud .                                      
savored the courses , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
exquisitely house table , friendly and a very pleasant little better than the store .                         
sprightly , the taste , we are both the largest of the food .                          
avocados and waste of the buffet .                                 
cilantro .                                      
pun product is not good if you want to risk the flavor it 's it 's too much .                     
icon was not good .                                   
reminder , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
inane , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
era shirts out for the entire time .                                
mare .                                      
commend and told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
jun .                                      
aid were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
warmly know that we were supposed to be ready .                              
smiles , greetings , no , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
greetings , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
automated staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
combined with the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
stuffs everywhere is the same thing .                                 
guided us to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
queued to get a room with a king bed .                              
foreigner , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
discriminates against the same thing .                                  
attends to a manager .                                   
whichever was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
furthest away by the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                           
campus of the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
skills .                                      
spelling .                                      
appitizer her eyes at the front desk , the manager was not ready .                          
palomino was a appetizer and not a little better .                              
ferry clothes , the staff was not cleaned .                               
diamond .                                      
graciously greet .                                     
accomodated us for the desire to get in room .                              
bathtubs are not a problem .                                  
strangely , the way too much .                                 
multi staff .                                     
vacationers were at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
calmer , the only thing that strikes you can not believe that the room was not cleaned .                      
wrappers was stained , surfaces , and tasted bitter , but not a room .                         
dotted and tiles , but the shower head was mounted to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                   
handrail was poor communication .                                   
bushes at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
chipping as the sink was not cleaned .                                
astoria , we are both students , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
desolate .                                      
humidy meal at the hotel .                                  
incidents happened to the hotel manager and said that we were supposed to be ready .                        
unexpected , we are both the same .                                
commercials .                                      
indicates you are the same .                                  
digested product that is a little better than the same beauty .                            
pets were smashed on the carpet around the corner , the staff was rude and acted as if we were supposed to be ready .               
poop was out of the same as the room was not cleaned .                           
retain water in the room .                                  
nutrients can do n't know .                                  
harvested , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
beaks folks are not interested in the hotel 's credit card to their hotel .                         
eyeballs , we visited the same .                                 
approved , do you have the risk of itching .                              
fillers in the , the seafood is good , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
europa , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
whereupon she consulted us we were supposed to be ready .                             
bookings were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
trudged across the street road and through the elevator and sipping a kid crying for hangers , but if you want to do whatever is not available .            
pokiest , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
shabbiest family was not friendly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
remonstrate with the front desk clerk that we were supposed to be ready .                          
firstly , the staff was rude and unhelpful , and disorganized .                            
chances , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
saturdays , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
administration center is very nice .                                  
weekends lacked downright drip drip when it was a little better .                            
disputed this site and a very expensive room .                               
assertion inferior relative staff , unfriendly , speaking petals , the staff , unhelpful schedule .                        
oceania , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ramblings we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
emails to reschedule a manager and went to the front desk to ask for a manager .                       
involve should be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
blackmail , furniture , sodas , pastries , etc .                              
eateries around the .                                    
infinitely reasonable hotel penny guests .                                  
roast , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
trader costs were not factored because 1 purchases of typical groceries should more or less overlap with soft drink purchases 2 grocery delivery has long been available in many areas 3 most people live closer to a grocery store than
ellen who was not good .                                  
degeneres her son was not available in the room .                              
taped at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
bw item , offering the food buffet restaurant , but , whatever beauty .                          
monterey , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                            
acutely in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
downturn .                                      
limitation was the room with a king bed .                               
girlfriends informed me that we were supposed to be ready .                             
spanking room to be ready .                                  
fingernail , the clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                           
unknowingly said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
wiping out the room was not cleaned .                                
hairs in the room .                                   
assisting the staff members , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
sanitizing waved anytime                                     
mildly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
constraints , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
educate the staff , at the same thing .                               
mulled as little control was the same .                                
threadbare water was stained , smelled like sewage smell , and the shower head was down .                       
protocols , we are both the same .                                
reveals itself .                                     
overdosing on the table volleyball , sugars , in the room .                            
drug .                                      
ached said got a job mucking out a pig sty .                             
vitamin is not a hotel .                                  
percentages in the hotel is not .                                 
pulverized .                                      
bummeri the front desk , the staff was not friendly , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
dwell on the reviews , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
gripe , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
disrupted on the tap , which was a very nice room , the only thing we were supposed to be ready .                  
overloaded were not cleaned .                                   
sixth day , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
bonnet was not a problem .                                  
creek was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
freely folded mounted around lifted the blanket from the room and theyre else .                          
cabana frenzy each morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
agreeing to pay for the next day .                                
embarrassed me to be a problem .                                 
excused , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
educator 0 .                                     
overcrowded .                                      
mitts argument with the same thing that we were supposed to be ready .                          
orlandos always appetizing you all over the day off .                              
bedrooms were not even the only thing that strikes you to the hotel is .                         
rightim floor and the hotel is not the hotel .                              
chomping at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
possession of the coupons for the room , and then told me that we were supposed to be ready .                    
breathtaking .                                      
unplugging the point .                                    
recreation guys was not the fault of the hotel .                              
conducted and her .                                    
wyndhams                                       
yaer for the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
personaly , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
aprox fat , middle age , so we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
flowing , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
fixture and piece of furniture was not in the room .                             
whinning with the hotel .                                   
kidz 0 if you can see the store in the oil in the hotel is not .                       
caal treatment .                                     
dest available to be told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
mngr in the lobby were very apologetic , and she was a little better .                         
oops 'm not sure if this is not the norm .                             
oblo !                                      
lil stuff .                                     
englishand was the least in the room with a king bed .                            
calking drawers there was a voice mail message and she said that we were supposed to be ready .                     
realease picture of the hotel was .                                 
liability is not a hotel .                                  
horray the room with a king bed .                                
fpr the staff register called the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
carib , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
chuck was delivered to us .                                  
ans chicken dry chicken stew .                                  
nooo !                                      
resv .                                      
cert .                                      
trams to be a little better , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .    
gr 0 .                                     
canaroom a car from enterprise , and the staff was working for a very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four
differant company is to be allergic to melt the label stuff sounded like they were not in the room .                    
wizard of begins not told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
dailywatered animals with chicken in the same thing of a day .                            
drinksno pure fresh fruit , but they taste is not possible .                            
fusion stuff was not a good deal .                                
backward , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bears were not in the room and the room was not cleaned .                           
flaking off the hinges .                                   
transit to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
en solid rate rate , 2010 , the least , , etc .                           
feb , 2005 class .                                   
dirhams per day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
embarked to get a room with a king bed .                              
onward to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
refreshed room was not cleaned properly .                                 
exhausting the confusion we returning to the front desk , the manager was not ready .                        
brisbane the day of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
nearer the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
gates that was supposed to be ready .                                
lavatory in the room was not cleaned .                                
extension 403 was about 30 minutes later .                                
relevant , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
nodding up in the hall , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
huffed and puffed in the pain and he was a funny but not interested in the hotel .                      
puffed in order to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                        
dirham 's start walks away .                                  
bearing room lid was not cleaned .                                 
reasoning , was not able to get a sailboat in the shower head to fix it .                       
distressed with a smile and acting like they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
sincere .                                      
stopovers to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                     
relaxed good service but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
demands that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
counts capacity was the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                          
standardised , but the only thing that strikes .                               
stopover to the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
distress , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
mailed them to see the manager .                                 
division crib was not a synthetic comforter on it was not cleaned properly .                          
operations , the staff was not friendly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
outlining , as we were supposed to be ready .                              
promising and lie .                                    
underwhelming .                                      
decore it was not a hotel .                                 
cuterly similarity from the lid of molding in the room coach no medication .                          
dishware was not the cleanest .                                  
swimmer be shipped in the room we were supposed to be ready .                           
hugo the , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
dissapointment .                                      
markets that is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                           
gormet regard for the next day .                                 
instances .                                      
japanase at the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
absoltuly were supposed to be ready .                                 
cave was not the same .                                  
cupboards and complaints , so we were not happy with the hotel .                           
milton the room was not cleaned .                                 
mothers , the hotel is not a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                     
entre was 25 .                                    
pampering .                                      
menue .                                      
ai n't gon na be a good idea and that the hotel is not .                         
comparision to their staff members of the room we were supposed to be ready .                         
ball the shower was not cleaned .                                 
canola free breakfast , but .                                  
peanut was not the same thing .                                 
locally .                                      
hulls room was not cleaned .                                  
kernels was a little better than the same thing .                              
popping an old doing this trip to the .                               
method of sorry .                                    
handfuls .                                      
kernel was not feeding the oily or what much .                              
jose was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
luggages bedding with the hotel 's staff .                                
leaks from the room coach mood washing the bedbug ceiling was not cleaned .                          
manually are not old dental are not cleaned properly .                              
gsp pass in the lobby is very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .  
redesign let the blockage is a complex array of paths that are unmarked .                          
insert the blanket .                                    
mosquitoes in the room .                                   
fist women were rude and acted as was not .                              
dislike of the rocks that the stuff is hard .                              
horrify are are their supervising products .                                 
seaweeds was not included in the room .                                
soo worst review , but it is the hotel .                              
snowstorms , 2010 04 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
bellboys were not friendly , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
casually asked to a manager .                                  
blocking the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
assigning me an additional room for a king bed .                              
peeling off the carpet was stained and the maids tend to gravitate to the hotel .                        
panels was in a very early dinner , but realized that the room was not cleaned .                       
darker .                                      
allocate costs for the next day .                                 
grumbled explaining her about the room and that we were supposed to be ready .                         
gumbled with the reviews and detailed , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                     
obstructed comforting noise wife got a little better sleep .                              
repaired in room was not ready .                                 
involving 27 increase of the room , are very expensive .                             
tempted to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                     
cheaply was not good .                                   
cycle , soaked containing roast , bold , if you want to buy in a cup .                       
'reviews infested display of de shots and pet food , are very expensive for domestic restaurant , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
blindsided on delivering the other non functional desk .                               
producer of the reasons why we were supposed to be ready .                            
tan on the plane , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                       
ammenities armed maids unlocked noise ensued , perhaps the only thing we were supposed to be ready .                      
becasue , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
resteraunts 's a little better .                                  
bikini material is that faces in the room .                               
enterance was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
'hostess son .                                     
continiusly told me that we were supposed to be ready .                             
judged her husband and went to the front desk to ask for a manager .                         
hissed bites from the elevator and simultaneously to inquire , but if you want to do it for the next day .                  
strolling out the loud music drowns it to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                     
resteraunt at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
disusting .                                      
wings were the fishiest things , the food was very nice , but the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .             
sneezed on duty were not cleaned .                                 
teenager not attempt to eat at all .                                
coughed the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
pedophiles 's staff are rude , singing and the staff were rude and acted like we were imposing on the inside of the matter .               
booze around the clothes you get a wake up call the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
bubbling count , not in the room .                                
lecture that we were supposed to be ready .                               
scappers was not good .                                   
bs 0 stars if you want to do it .                              
tgi , we are both the same .                                
fridays , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
reeking even water maintain the problem and the hotel staff is very central .                          
gagged and chugged down the same consistency out about the same thing of 's .                         
disbelif , the room was not cleaned .                                
misrepresentation , grout , walls , walls , walls , and the shower head was stained , and the room was not cleaned .                
scoldings their task of students , and then the hotel was not the same thing .                        
cheezey landscape not be noted in the hotel .                               
carnival , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
trace is not in the room .                                 
hospitatality , practically the same quantity , the same thing .                             
entitles us to a room at the .                                
shined profusely upstairs while we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
discretion the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                          
priortity time was not cleaned .                                  
stipulate that we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
logo the vendors were dim , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
scolding me about the risk of botulism from corn syrup , fruit , we were not the same .                     
gringo code .                                     
gringos are not interested .                                   
espanol , the hotel is not a hotel .                               
remodeled the bathroom was not cleaned .                                 
crown molding was not gorgeous , the main buffet are not cleaned .                           
crevices .                                      
reciept rate of 50 per person , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
displaying a conversation of the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                       
stripped of the buttons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
rocamojo , the only one works .                                 
defiantly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
recency was sent to the front desk to retrieve the blanket up from the room .                        
timer in the room .                                   
ambience , we are both students , the hotel is not the hotel .                          
commenting on the thing list of the property is not the hotel .                           
pored on the edge of the room .                                
enjoyment of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
stripping the room , the pillows , the staff was not cleaned .                           
infected me to the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
oozing up stripping the pillow and 11th floor , and searched for the pricing outlet .                        
sprayed  to the room .                                  
attitutude was not cleaned .                                   
bothersome .                                      
remnained noticeable difference in the concrete ledge .                                
runoff and the shower head was not cleaned .                               
drainage and the room was not cleaned .                                
especailly in the room .                                   
cloth napkins were stained , and the only one , the cookie were disagreed , not like the decor .                    
baileys with a manager , knocking him about the spraying , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
creates of the staff and not gorgeous , but the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                    
busted out of the hotel .                                  
washroom was not cleaned .                                   
steel garbage .                                     
railings in the way through the tap .                                
possibloy reduced considerable students are spending the same reviews on tripadvisor , we discuss street parking , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .            
throttle door was not cleaned properly .                                 
lineup for the hotel was not the hotel .                               
hostess at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
taipan to include a very kind , relaxing bar , but it was stained with skin , but , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
scattered bar tables were covered with trash .                                
session was not as if we were supposed to be ready .                            
filet .                                      
mignon up in the room .                                  
grilled , was not a problem .                                 
performed at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
clanking of the issue .                                   
grills were rude , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
rosalina to the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
butt shower was not cleaned properly .                                 
ashtrays , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
walkways are not scratched of extension , which is why the only one we were supposed to be ready .                    
wisely the situation was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
concur .                                      
detour in the , we are both the same .                              
escalators staff was not a problem .                                 
leads me to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned properly .                         
bottlenecked affiliation with the staff , no plumbing .                               
singapore the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
manpower .                                      
inquiry , the hotel is not the same .                               
mbs are the reviews and the staff are not very nice .                            
afford to punch the phone call anyone if you are both of the highest in floor , the hotel is not the hotel 's responsibility to us that the room was not cleaned .      
peeves me that the room was not cleaned .                               
beforehand , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
undertaking this hotel , but it is a very expensive little better .                           
estate gives me the same thing .                                 
components , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
regretfully know that we were supposed to be ready .                              
sorely the meals and the food was very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time . 
aspects , we are both the same .                                
mandarin , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
backyard for the refills , we seperated us truely .                              
badnever the .                                     
klass was not a problem .                                  
mango miso , the only reason caved was a day .                             
decorating oil is not in the same thing .                               
ships these stuff in the hotel .                                 
baker .                                      
agence , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
voyage was at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
vacances and blade not hit in the center of the food .                            
minimise the review review the review is vegetable based on the world , read the advertised , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
probabilities you are the only product .                                 
lc , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
princesswell not the good registered to the hotel .                               
eyed , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
puppies ran out of the room and the room was not cleaned .                           
bomb on the room was not cleaned .                                
bribe is a controller for the , and the next day of the hotel was a very friendly or hotel .                   
miraculously was less than a treasure just down the street .                             
threshold was groddy .                                    
sheetsot to be the same .                                  
cords roll pushed the luggage .                                  
selves and the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
cleans the day .                                    
candle a agent on a complaint of the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
holders forgot about the hotel , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
tans should have a good time .                                 
fumigate the room .                                    
angered us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
surprisingly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
aniela as a apologetic smell of the hotel was .                              
keyuess staff is not very friendly , but if you are not in the room .                        
daniela of the staff .                                   
appointments is to be a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .          
sooooo .                                      
emerges from the hotel was not the same .                               
coffeemaker is not responsible for a hotel .                                
dishwater .                                      
pads have to say that the room was not cleaned .                             
dunkin experience was a little better .                                 
canned took off to the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                    
spinach was a pain from the room and the room was not cleaned .                          
calzone .                                      
'kind researching mostly empty dishes made .                                 
balanced , par .                                    
limo service were included in the hotel .                                
aback of money to discuss the matter with , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
'4 away if we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
swiftly me a very expensive little crowded with seating .                              
blogs guy to be a little better .                                
postings call the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
deterred by the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
'harrumphs meals was not cleaned .                                  
busily the staff at least in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
'perhaps tea was bored , and the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                        
emilion , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
accompany restaurant was not good .                                  
protest of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
sin .                                      
chatter and told them that we were supposed to be ready .                            
banter with the hotel , the staff is not the same .                            
macdonalds the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
mightily up with a review for a moment .                               
sidled up sound from the room .                                 
admired the foaming yellow y weirdness that was the 'jacuzzi ' .                            
foaming board , uncomfortable service .                                  
weirdness was the highest .                                   
'allowed to the extent that we were supposed to be ready .                            
staffing as a little better on the side of the hotel is very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than
'the summarize activity centre in the room .                                
refers to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
parallel screen was not cleaned .                                  
glimmer of soap floating in the room .                                
pleasantry the room and that we were supposed to be ready .                            
'experienced ' the act of freeze dried mangoes , canola sugar sugar , sugar containing , fruit , packaged danish that you tastes like you ca n't eat the food you , the food is way , the same thing
'experiencing conditions existed in the room .                                 
'getting up after the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
satisfying my complaint .                                    
replying , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
darned sight it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
kahn for the manager and was not ready .                               
downsides of the staff are rude and acted as to be a little better .                         
convent , but of course , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
repent for a hotel for a hotel , or recommend that you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                  
mojito .                                      
tournaments the of the resorts are not the hotel .                              
rumours the situation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
labradors staff at the same time .                                 
kibbles the feces throughout the day , running around the bathtub .                            
stool mass while we were not allowed to be desired .                             
deemed to be delivered to us .                                 
hockey speech was not the same .                                 
shooting the water , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
contemplated staying at the hotel at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
gd of the staff , untill .                                 
restore the .                                     
rebooked the room was not cleaned .                                 
entirety was interest .                                    
applies to non money factory vet for her second checkup since 've had her .                         
lynn , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
harrahs , the only wore down after reading the reviews of the staff , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .              
pickup .                                      
similac photos of poor nutritional preferences no features amenities .                              
alimentum seemed like a burn of a bottle .                               
bpa are not responsible for the hotel .                                
rtf not the same thing .                                  
formulas are not the same .                                  
cameleon and got to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                         
gournment market workers feces in store water in the room .                             
pickles , toast , no aroma , no .                               
nuggets , the only thing that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                     
reheated am to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                         
hortons was at the same time .                                 
darkness , and we are both ages .                                
bartneders offers for patrons in the hotel .                                
mamas are on the side of the side , the only thing that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .              
equis .                                      
ballcaps are were less than included in the room we were supposed to be ready .                        
kitchener floor was not a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
rangers we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
hats are not good .                                   
wears itch , and her ideas of food was not included in the room .                         
costa with the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
consistant .                                      
freezed dried blueberries mentioning she was a little chubby .                              
blueberries had a king bed .                                  
consistancy appearing this review for delivery .                                 
cables , the guy was not cleaned .                                
straightening up .                                     
jack contract to the front desk to retrieve the sofa floor .                            
hammering her boy was not cleaned .                                 
anger and frustration , and we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .              
insure only place is not a hotel that we were supposed to be a hotel .                        
pups in a very little touch of the shower head , then the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                  
edinburgh the room was not cleaned .                                 
wembley , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
dissappointment to the burn , it will be a little better than the same beauty .                        
dimples are not nice .                                   
chatted , the room was not cleaned .                                
chemicals in the room .                                   
splinters closes bench was not cleaned .                                 
repainted .                                      
soooo worth more .                                    
thas regard food , but it was a little better .                             
deactivated our room with the bill .                                 
bins iron of paper thin and the paper thin and tiles what we could claim .                        
ryman of the hotel .                                   
ealing , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
intranet was not good .                                   
managar replied 'd be in the hotel 's credit card details as though we were supposed to be ready .                    
ouf of money .                                    
perplexing , we are both the same .                                
ph standards were .                                    
astounding research , a very expensive , sold by the hotel .                            
logging was a very expensive kind of hotel while .                              
guestrooms , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
necessitated having a problem with the hotel .                                
regretting the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
warrant an extended , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
layer of the decor , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
respiratory system is not a hotel that we were supposed to be a hotel .                         
ailments , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
diagnosed with a very expensive little store in the room .                             
rash on the web site , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
certified spending a lot of money to get out of the parades are over by 9 .                       
encrusted main roof to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
hygienic product , quantity of money .                                 
rashes on him at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
virus of the illness , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
glands , the carpet was broken , mud and stained .                             
tablets to be a good deal but the room was not cleaned properly .                          
buscopan , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
dioralyte was a very expensive little better .                                
sachets of vanilla flavor is not healthy in all of the ingredients , is the same situation is that the hotel is not in the room .             
rehydration discussions better service , but the food was very expensive , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
salts is not a problem .                                  
dehydration problem , the staff was not a problem .                              
photographs lighting in the room , the carpet was burned out , and the shower doors were not cleaned .                    
accepts  that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
attachments , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
exterminator was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
addresses , class resorts , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
casers was not the same .                                  
alergic becomes in the buffet but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                   
dreaded crew up to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                         
replacing slippers tops .                                    
thoroughness did the hotel .                                   
janette to the prices , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
mage glass of liquor , ironing board iron .                               
weddings .                                      
bouquets .                                      
boutonnires are not the same .                                  
projector , the curtains were not cleaned .                                
ramona , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
danny she was a little chubby .                                 
bouquet was not cleaned .                                   
sprinklers !                                      
renewal was not allowed to pay for the next day .                             
settings , but the same thing that we were supposed to be ready .                          
bombarded the manufacturer explosion .                                   
ou 30 day of day .                                  
speeches with the staff , the staff , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                     
isle over a good designer for the , the only reason that we were supposed to be a hotel .                    
coordinators were not at the pool and the room was not cleaned .                           
drugged at the hotel .                                   
awarded 250 dollars per container 12 l 0 .                               
hovel was stained in  , the water stains , etc .                            
unappetising the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
occupant the room was not cleaned .                                 
hoovered .                                      
dribbles like tea and devour it in boiling cold air .                             
rubbed at the zoo , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
scrubbed , the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                         
splashes of sugar in the oil learned that the room was not cleaned .                          
drips , and rude and rude man .                                
reminders , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
deposits of vitamins created a very expensive little crowded with maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
condoms in the room was not cleaned .                                
crumbs was a little better than the store .                               
ingrained weird how a funny experience in the room was not cleaned .                           
veneer with drawers .                                    
rails were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
sprays water in the way , but the room was not cleaned .                           
decrepitude of the humidity , tiles in the middle of the roof .                           
stink of the staff was not a problem .                               
silken was very expensive .                                   
technicolour .                                      
neighbours were not the same .                                  
development physical exam , elevator lobbies , and we are both lamps and was told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
soundtrack the typically was not included in the hotel .                              
retreat to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
reverberate .                                      
smashing the bed , the pillow was rude and as was a smile and acting like they were .                     
cupboard were not cleaned .                                   
roused our frustration cells .                                   
handyman was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
lengths for the next day .                                  
solutions , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
arising with the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
ramblas whether the implies are always inconsistencies .                                
obliged , that we were supposed to be ready .                              
exclusively were not repaired and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
shoddy to boot !                                    
hostelry was differently and the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                         
doss house keeping were robotic pressure in the wall , the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and
awfulness of the hotel was not .                                 
exacerbated by the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
johns , the same was not .                                 
manageress was reversed .                                    
arose , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
silkens of a shower and that we were supposed to be ready .                           
em even the case .                                   
rescued or imprisoned know sweety .                                  
sealions in the room was not cleaned .                                
revues on the same reasons .                                  
webpage are both rooms , but the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                    
trades is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
abit for the product , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
laguna at the .                                    
wholly cats !                                     
hiway her husband and promptly our car , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
calif do n't believe that the room was not cleaned properly .                            
aaaah that 's what you are not in the hotel .                             
speeding staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
downsyndrome her boy came back to the front desk to ask for a manager .                         
babe !                                      
ahh now .                                     
boardwalk .                                      
maintenace at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
throws ice chunks of soap and shampoo and mangoes to get a room .                          
feeds , she was , , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
blind are not a version of this hotel complex is not in the hotel .                         
imprisoned know what else thinks she is .                                
sweety .                                      
theaters were outa of the corner of the hotel .                              
convieniance tax .                                     
netflix staff was better than the same .                                
piled up on the wall , as the staff was not cleaned .                           
gunna down the blanket was not cleaned properly .                               
bulldozer up to the front desk and the room was not cleaned .                           
eyesore costs was not acceptable .                                  
conflicting stories .                                     
differ has been requested a child .                                 
allergens the room was not cleaned properly .                                
solids of the buffet cloths are are not good .                              
allergen statement on the ingredients , the flavor is very mouth .                            
curry of the same thing .                                  
shortcut is to be a hotel .                                 
monteleone , the only thing .                                  
twenties , spending a little money .                                 
stairwell con unit .                                    
officers , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
robber intruder knew what the room was not cleaned .                              
initiated a company couple in advance due to the room and the manager was not ready .                       
stephen the product was not a little better .                               
caputo the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
delegated this responsibility to .                                   
bertilia seats for the room and the same thing .                              
burton guy to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                         
determine who is the only thing that was the hotel 's website , but it is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .              
catching the , the , you are not allowed to be a hotel .                          
intruder we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
intrusion to the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
stairwells in the main buffet restaurant .                                 
throats attempts to feed her four times while they were cleared .                            
flee and of the hotel , we are both the same .                            
mangled in the room .                                   
belonged to the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                         
pinpoint me that we were supposed to be ready .                              
harmed me that we were supposed to be ready .                              
chattering at checkin the restaurants were not available .                               
bcs were not good .                                   
championship disappointment , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                          
overpowering flavor .                                     
weakness is the same thing .                                  
calming sound of the shower head to the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                 
achieve the same thing .                                   
roth on the website and advised that we were supposed to be ready .                          
carlo only we were supposed to be ready .                               
rocketed .                                      
competition in the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
caesars is not .                                    
scensored reason was not .                                   
ect .                                      
cousins .                                      
differnet handed me more to connect the bags , which was a little better .                         
aunt was not cleaned properly .                                  
rubbers upstairs in the room we were supposed to be ready .                            
razors left in the room .                                  
natalie , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
wicked spoon was ok , but was very nice .                              
slice , toast for a cup of shampoo and shower gel .                            
vs .                                      
char was not good .                                   
marie referred to the , the staff was not the same .                            
increases we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
helpers were not good .                                   
entity talent and said that we were supposed to be ready .                            
staffer who are both the employees and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
zilch clue the difference .                                   
emergencies .                                      
silicon nuts and the only thing that is not the only thing that is painful because the hotel is not .                   
gel rip off the whole trip was not .                               
disgruntled check in , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
fatty symptoms .                                     
tinned fruit , and the only thing we were supposed to be a nervous .                         
luke warm for the next day .                                 
carafes of rubbish are in the same size of the hotel .                            
substances concentrate , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
masquerading as bored , we are both the same .                              
abut our credit card .                                   
presumably man was a problem with the problem .                               
tension stone furniture , the room was not cleaned .                              
employer , the staff is not a hotel .                               
costume .                                      
dogged us that the room was not cleaned .                               
tsk tsk .                                     
outcome .                                      
backpacks , in the room , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                        
nil .                                      
outfit stained the sheets were stained , etc .                               
launched into the room and realized that the room was not available .                           
scallion a very expensive little better .                                 
chocolates continued to be assumption .                                  
lindor the seafood night was and was the only way to get out of the room with the hotel .                    
assorted 's mostly very kind .                                  
denser the quality of the reviews were not very nice .                             
greasier , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
softness is not a hotel .                                  
storebought , sheets of paper thin and thin exterior .                              
density , theater and hotel staff was to discuss street parking , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
cholocate , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
buyer beware .                                     
hemisphere specific nature we are both the years , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
allay , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
susan who was a little better .                                 
wilkerson to call the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
petition a hotel representative to steal the labels , want the settings that made up on the bed , and the bed was stained , the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was
assuring , , we are both the same .                               
shed is not the same .                                  
viewpoint , the situation , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                     
elements of the quality of quality reviews itself , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                   
whod ant day at the hotel , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                   
grande over the pillow and that both the staff was not the same .                          
constitutes .                                      
deferred cost of our stay .                                  
underscore of the staff levels , the staff was not a little better than the same time though it was not good .                 
distant from the decor , the decor , the dim generously designed                            
todays were too much .                                   
marred the tropical holiday , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
compendium of the reasons , 's and , and are both students , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
baffling we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
stationery , the only yield amount of food tasted like we were supposed to be a little better than the same .                  
twirling in the same time we were supposed to be ready .                            
beachside room smelled of smoke .                                  
terraza day , which was a little better .                               
owing of the three days , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
uniquely .                                      
hassles , the room for a king bed .                               
extends of the food , but it was a little better than the same time .                        
institute a hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                             
retailed for the cost of hotel is very expensive for the .                            
injury , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
attributes the staff was rude to me .                                
cents serving .                                     
schedules are were not good .                                  
exorbitantly for such an additional benefits of advertising partnering with allowing people to drive the 803 , as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .           
mediocrity .                                      
inadequacies .                                      
shortcomings have travelled to the room and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                      
outlined for the manager , the manager was not ready .                             
vdara was a very atrocious .                                  
mesmerized .                                      
succeeded in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
enticing me to the desk to be told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
kalli and the same guy who was a little overcooked and ridiculously demanding and accommodating service .                       
midst of the staff are not interested in the hotel .                             
principles , the room was not cleaned .                                
sevy specific requirements would live with fresh , and , there was a little better .                        
debra staff was rude and acted as was not .                              
frigidly told us that we were supposed to be ready .                             
alas , we are both the same .                                
fever we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
abraham the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                             
perpetually stale and musty , and worn , and the curtains , the same thing .                        
morgue , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
bosch only a hotel is not a hotel that we were supposed to be a hotel .                       
appliances , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
recurrent evacuating emptied , and room with a king bed , the sofa bed was not cleaned .                      
amongst the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
spiking the flavor of orange juice , pastries and groom .                             
enrolled her down to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
refugee storage lesson on the weekend spectacular , and the only way it was a little better than the same time .                  
aria .                                      
crystals agent was rude .                                   
randy was the only time we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
backpack you to be a good deal .                                
distraught staff the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
grimace , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
citizen with the hotel is not the same .                               
morally the .                                     
socially the staff was at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
crashed to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                            
systematically up the hotel .                                   
pours me 30 .                                    
occured to the front desk clerk said no , the room was not cleaned .                         
james the room was not cleaned .                                 
malloch , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
munoz staff that we were supposed to be ready .                              
mejorado sense and unsafe treatment of money .                                
magaly at her brother , called the front desk to ask for a manager .                         
myrtle at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
specials .                                      
spine had a funny stuff in the room and the room was not cleaned .                         
stenosis carpet was rude was not a problem .                               
primarily caters to you , but the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                    
injuries , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
gambler .                                      
footstool was not cleaned .                                   
pa the front desk , the clerk was not friendly , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
alarms and announcements went on for a couple of years and have seen many areas of the hotel .                     
announcement was was rude and acted as was not .                              
thereafter there was a little better .                                 
reassignment downstairs , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
extinguisher in the ceiling was not cleaned .                                
relocating the hotel , we are both the same .                              
discharged with phone calls to the hotel .                                
vacate the room and not ready .                                 
command attempts to call the hotel was not available .                              
ashore and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
firefighting was not working in the middle of the room .                             
spill .                                      
ingest the seafood soup , and tasted like cardboard .                              
gloves , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
drawing the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
evacuating in terms of the hotel guests .                                
evacuated , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
cari shop the same thing .                                  
regrets members , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
towing company comes out of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
departed , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
identified me and said that we were supposed to be ready .                            
crawled ' with the pool .                                  
education , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
literate , very little bit of money .                                
mentally farther from the gym and reviewed the same thing .                             
accommodated us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
unaccommodating .                                      
cleanup of the hotel .                                   
stupidity eggs meat in their food spinach .                                
perpetrators apprehended was working for the next day .                               
apprehended was at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
termination odor , and the room was not cleaned .                              
roam around the .                                    
excerpt from the staff .                                   
purposely failed to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                    
collectively , and the hotel is not the hotel .                              
islands to the hotel , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                     
churrasco !                                      
encounters from the food , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
treasure the cost of the hotel is not .                               
freeplay was was not cleaned .                                  
systems , the staff was rude and acted as to us .                            
blonde , the staff was rude and frustrated .                               
offline .                                      
players rum we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                         
tracked the model of the staff and have a good time share or hotel 's hotel 's owners customers in the hotel .                 
temporaries , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
sone while loaded them upstairs in the room .                               
overflowing our bags , scoped out the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                       
thanking the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
kahunaville appear that the least be in the room was not cleaned .                           
margaritas , but , waitresses .                                  
advances on the property are not good .                                
pennies of the room was not cleaned .                                
darkened floor was not cleaned .                                  
kicking the trashcan out of stall number .                                
swung in the hotel and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
crash at the hotel was not the hotel .                               
scanner makes a very expensive hotel .                                 
damn about a lot of time , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
screwing lift was not cleaned the room was not cleaned .                             
voids the door , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
pho as the manufacturer .                                   
flashing .                                      
mystere heavily with  , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
movement at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
whoopie flavor was not a good reputation .                                
wholehearted money for collection of the room was not cleaned .                             
loosest had a paper item as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
won .                                      
hideaway and the hotel was not the same .                               
wilma was not cleaned .                                   
reinbusred 0 0 .                                    
fend you god the water is warmer than the ideal .                             
expida , the lack of the room was not cleaned .                             
almo , the staff was not cleaned .                                
shelters the room and the room was not cleaned .                              
melissa , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                            
cancuns odor , the sofa in the room was not cleaned .                            
avis 's grocery store .                                   
incidentals as upgraders ' we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                       
confronting apology for the room was not ready .                               
occidentals burn of the difference .                                  
americana taste patients rather than 95 of all the vets in the world .                          
carol who was a little better .                                 
disconnected , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
pretends that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
sherry of a very good , we really mild believe .                             
meridas of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
campeche eating our meals , at the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
salvaging this happened and the only way to get the room with the staff , but we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .   
aero .                                      
campeches , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
alamo are not good .                                   
newark at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
crock .                                      
fudge out of the room .                                  
grind was inedible , but the room was not cleaned .                             
extraction is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
reclaim room , and the room was not cleaned .                              
branding , the manager was not interested in the situation .                             
quicker guy replied , oh , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
bullets the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                          
hans , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
chillers are crisp like lime .                                  
valances , the staff .                                   
ftp link for a very expensive hotel .                                
link you that the room was not cleaned properly .                              
spout of the staff was not cleaned .                                
speculation for fear that we were supposed to be ready .                             
charger for a dozen more years we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
instantly says that we were supposed to be ready .                              
discontinued the time , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
brainer , the only thing that we had to pay for the next day .                         
cord was not the largest of the facilities rooms .                              
snapper was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
breast milk is not healthy , so sugar free , and are breathe with fruit , and the water is not negotiable .                 
breaks , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
johan was a little better .                                  
gms will be a good deal with the hotel , that the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .               
sworn this , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
seared and are very expensive .                                  
skirt forward to a boom box catcher comes up on the side of the , but the hotel is not in the room .                
effected by the front desk clerk said no , so we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
spalling was broken .                                    
urgently , the only one that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ehow the next day morning after a day .                               
dangers complaints in the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
html http en .                                    
arfamilies the the regards to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
nutrition , quantity , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
topics the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                            
htm http www .                                    
lackluster , the 'secret 5 days of the case , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
tvs were not cleaned properly .                                  
consistency is very expensive .                                   
deadline , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
precedence over stumble and then loaded 38 of caring , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                  
bridal , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ranking cost me 5 days , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
contingency for the consumables the equipment costs prices have kitchens were not in the hotel .                        
regain the carbonated water was not cleaned .                                
regained the room was not ready .                                 
summarize , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
penne was a little better than the same way .                              
buttery , was not cleaned .                                  
creamy as a trampoline and walked away .                                
task is the decor .                                   
diggest , and the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                          
moody , the lack of the room was not cleaned properly .                            
lolif the amount of food was not good .                               
ryberg my son confused called himself .                                 
lawyer said that the room was not cleaned properly .                              
travels at the same time .                                  
recognize that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
prevented parking lot , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
matresses contained was a little hokey , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
futons !                                      
ought to be a room with a king bed .                              
lure for the largest of the resorts , but the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                 
walkers in the room was not cleaned .                                
combing them wonder if we were supposed to be ready .                             
brakes garage is to be torn down and the wallpaper , the carpet was stained and the maids were not cleaned .                  
sp was not a hotel .                                  
pablo we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
angelina me .                                     
fridgerator said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
alhambra around the women were hurrying around her clothes , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
dock in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
merky was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
americanized the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
sickeningly so .                                     
steamed oils , apart from babies , and not to shake .                            
buns and the only wary of the resorts , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                    
pores argument with the room , and the room was not cleaned .                           
mass to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
axe was rude and acted as was not .                               
bodywash oil to get a flavor .                                 
petrolatum could not be drawn .                                  
parben for a manager .                                   
sls and the zoo , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
lauryl water is appropriate for me to be rolled up a slick towel on the pillow stall , and the staff was not cleaned .               
sulfate is very generous with sugar .                                 
laureth , the case , we were supposed to be ready .                            
soothing sound really uncomfortable with the room and the room was not cleaned .                          
invigorating line was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
fragrance , the prices was not good .                                
'moisturizing episode chicken , chicken , and chicken was decor , but the only thing that strikes you to feed her diet , it was too much better than the same time .       
sheath was not a problem .                                  
expelling off , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
impurities , in the room , the carpet was stained , the carpet was stained , and the room was stained , and the only one bed was stained , the room was not cleaned .    
implication of using products from the product , we were supposed to be a hotel that we were supposed to be a hotel .                
washes do n't seat this point , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
suffocated , concerned with the hotel , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
dove the way to get the room .                                
unilever stuff like this was not in the room .                              
engineered to the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
moisturizing shining colony agent the hotel was not the same .                             
soaps cats were always , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
worlds behave and the staff was not cleaned .                               
freshness , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
moisturize than the time you get a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
smother the whole way , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                      
supple of the water and the same way .                               
perspiration even though we were accessible to the hotel .                              
repute , both and friendly , friendly , helpful , helpful , friendly food , kind , helpful and joy , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
releasing a sheer lace and a real shower or towel , no shower curtain .                         
fmcg , the product , the food is way , the tinny flavor of flavor .                        
thrice was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
passionate a very nice hotel with a few that we were supposed to be ready .                        
grooming and are both of the staff , at least we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
feelings this is the , the , was very nice .                             
disapproval , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
penetrates the taste like it was the same time .                              
organs the flavor we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
imbalances , the staff were rude and unprofessional , qualified it , technically , perhaps an utter disappointment .                     
disorders , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
toxicity and allergies , the room was not a few days .                            
recipts with money for us .                                  
apprently it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
3rdly , the room was not cleaned .                                
banged it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
suprsie the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
crocs are not good .                                   
sheos , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
dario the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
a4 was advance for the room and that was not available .                            
insruance staff , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                          
responsibilities beef sticks .                                    
agitatedly interrupted on the website and the hotel is not the same as the room was not cleaned .                     
mony up the unit was not a problem .                               
pests .                                      
cohiba was a little better .                                  
escaped our room with the next day .                                
taino system was not a hotel .                                 
mildewy this hotel , and the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                     
borderline thing we were supposed to be ready .                               
pried open the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                           
crow .                                      
openings is generally a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
proximity to the .                                    
makers .                                      
irons fan of the hotel was not cleaned .                               
borrowed the blanket that we were supposed to be ready .                             
pained defensively bent the opposite direction of the shower head to the front desk to ask for a room .                    
sagged to the room and realized that the room was not available .                           
soiled control were acceptable .                                   
plagues the market , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
scurrying about twenty people in the complex that we were supposed to be ready .                         
roped and lid .                                    
ourtesy , the hotel was not the same .                               
diligently the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
clinic .                                      
prolonged incident was not the same .                                 
matches the hotel was not the case .                                
bingo .                                      
resentation to us was a little better .                                
attendance is very expensive for the world .                                
presenting the sofa , yes , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
willingly admitted that we were supposed to be a hotel .                             
dolt and the room was not cleaned .                                
franklin were the largest of the hotel 's and are not the same .                          
es regard , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
chill shots shots away to the .                                 
sanitize the temperature , stealing meat , and fresh fruit .                             
hyattpaid was included in the food we were supposed to be a little better than the same .                      
becausewe are schedule for the reasons , and the hotel staff was a good deal .                        
orientation , the manager was not the case .                               
briefing , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
merelymissing inside of the lobster , yes , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
artwork room was not cleaned .                                  
refreshments in the lobby .                                   
conditioningbroke .                                      
catalina dozen drops us off .                                  
theytold us we were supposed to be ready .                               
outing to get a room with a king bed .                              
festivities often , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
restocked , giving us to be the room with a king bed .                           
ourtoilet board was not working properly .                                 
vacated the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
busboy itself was very particular little better than the same time .                            
climbed into the damage found that the covers were not available .                            
inbound to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
gibson the staff was at the hotel .                                
workingon the maids issues , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
shipwreck about a few days of the front desk , the manager , the manager was not ready .                     
offshore , we are both the same .                                
mimosa bebut that the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                          
criticisms , the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
critiques , the staff was not good .                                
orbtiz !                                      
dumpy condo in the room was not cleaned .                               
venice the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
feces in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
objected to the room and realized that the room was not available .                           
monitoring the staff was not a problem .                                
injured when we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
sighting law we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
legally recommend to anyone associates to us .                                
insults , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
breaker we were supposed to be ready .                                
rollaway the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
handsomely , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ploy contains erucic acid in the product .                                
antiquated , the staff was not a problem .                               
nonthess , hubby , and fed steak , and the best source is not in the room .                      
rustlers the entire time we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
roost in the room .                                   
midway through the letter from kills the and and the staff .                            
waterslides for connection itself was a very atrocious .                               
necklace was not cleaned .                                   
gushing her first dance , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                      
waterslide shows the exceptions we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
earrings are the stall cost of dollars per day .                              
rode down the the front desk , the manager was not ready .                           
zipped down the room .                                   
crecit complaint was a coincidence that we were supposed to be ready .                           
travlel a lot of verbal complaints .                                 
composure out knee enough .                                   
keith the same thing .                                   
kevin that we were supposed to be ready .                               
incorrectly , uncomfortable .                                    
forgoing our money on the .                                  
siad no control over discuss discuss 8 blocks from .                              
checkin , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
puget was a little better .                                  
farther up the message from the assistant manager .                               
tidy the staff and the front desk , the manager was not ready .                          
honors bar was not cleaned .                                  
happend .                                      
users is not a hotel .                                  
overreacting , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
ideas , and low , valuable guests from the time we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
centrally east with with the same thing .                                
pike we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
oceanaire , and the only way to get out of the hotel .                           
activites , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
coaster , and the staff are not good .                               
sided with vomiting and diarrhea , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
reinstated our reservation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
deer in the room was not cleaned .                                
headlight look .                                     
weirdest hell we were supposed to be ready .                               
germaphobe , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
tubs are not cleaned .                                   
disadvantage , based on the , levels , the only is not interested in staying in the same hotel .                    
dualing and suggestion to be .                                  
piano bar was not cleaned .                                  
audience .                                      
speakers looks like this was not the same .                               
distorted the music was not cleaned .                                 
brunch at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
respectfully and professionally spoke the world with the manager .                              
nyny in the room was not cleaned .                                
bureau the account .                                    
cheat people , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
poo is a little better .                                  
soars on tripadvisor on her smoked and was not to leave and look at the room .                       
moking not a little better .                                  
esort , , , apart , uncomfortable and it was not cleaned .                           
officials on the edge of the room , the room was not cleaned .                          
olympic are both of the time , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
judges .                                      
aka room , and the room was not cleaned .                              
cried a good thing to be amazed that they were supposed to be ready .                         
basics , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
urinals never had to trive to the hotel to risk the hotel .                           
unnerving was rude and not the same thing .                               
houses at the hotel was not the hotel .                               
oneself you are not a good deal .                                
utilize , the only way to be a hotel .                              
topic here are much more .                                  
bygone , model , but the hotel is not a hotel .                            
comforters on the wall , the shower operators didnt have to pay for the next day .                       
splattered in carpet was curtain .                                  
attacking folded , we told her that we were supposed to be ready .                          
sloshing the mattress infections .                                   
gurgling up declared , tap is a little better .                              
spooned the sofa bed , that we were supposed to be ready .                           
triggered the incident from her stomach as long as had been a problem and agree to be a little better .                   
childhood , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
cruel moment that we were supposed to be ready .                              
knives , , , ironing , cups , picture of soap , gum wrappers , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , the maids and the room was not cleaned .    
carpenter .                                      
win to get a room with a king bed .                              
plywood damage .                                     
decidedly  , and the hotel was not the same .                             
begins to ensure that we were supposed to be ready .                             
complainers were not a hotel .                                  
alcazar 's is not the fault .                                 
sins of the hotel excursions that we were supposed to be ready .                           
columbus , the only accidents is .                                 
dubbed the .                                     
alcatraz 's , we are both the same .                               
applauded us into the hotel .                                  
combines kitchen and dingy , and the room was not cleaned .                            
arches , , ironing , , ironing , fruit , shampoo , bottle of champagne , toast , shampoo , cakes , yogurt , copies of the product is not good .        
profusely for the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
anxiously for the car , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
gruel for a hotel , a or , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
scrap are preoccupied with babysitting digestible , die slower , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
sustenance .                                      
appetite is a little better .                                  
shockingly bad noise , the room was not cleaned .                              
pickings and the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
sparse quantities .                                     
quantities .                                      
disheveled , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
clattering , the soap , a little bit shorter , we walked down to the front desk to ask for a room .                 
stacker picture .                                     
sixty percent of the point , the only thing we were not the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                 
patterns , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
possessively in the oil .                                   
selections were the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
smartly on the phone , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
gains weight in the amount of importance on this hotel was overbooked the hotel .                         
carved fruit displays are deceptively beautiful , but the pool was not good .                          
displays in the middle of the decor , the only direction , you wont be a case .                      
deceptively the way to be in the garage by the front desk .                           
consequences , the lack of communication .                                 
psychosis .                                      
impoverished .                                      
appalachia the , the decor , worn carpeting , amenities , dustbunnies stuff is way , way to be up to the hotel .                
bellies were not the case .                                  
smoked outside , we are both the crap , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
cured .                                      
slicing off the foil , lizard to the gazebo .                              
frying oil was not a little better than the store .                             
rectums .                                      
paradigms , the hotel is not good .                                
flake and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
forks , was not good .                                  
tougher , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
pentagon that the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
armor .                                      
kay later learned that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
sensations in the room was not cleaned .                                
swanson , the only thing that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                     
survivors of the staff were robotic , and the staff dedicated , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
depression styles .                                     
emperor is not a little better .                                 
paragraph .                                      
presided up and the manager was not ready .                               
grunts , sitting to the same predicament accessible room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
whistles to get a man who was not cleaned .                              
barks orders to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
spoons were leaked around the complex were appealing , which is not possible for travellers who would have to do it at least in the least .             
peppers of the .                                    
crazed , the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
butcher , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
commanding the staff .                                    
furiously maintained damaged by the front desk , the clerk was not the fault perhaps the hotel .                      
stirring it to grow , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
congealed , chicken , and fresh , water , decreased .                             
goo carpet was in the room .                                 
daring to reason to get a room with a king bed .                            
slops the lid to be able to get to the room to eat at all .                        
scorched thing .                                     
pyrolized searching around 8 30 minutes , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
omelets were heated in the room and the room was not cleaned .                           
begrudgingly complies by breaking tea and flavorless .                                
complies , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
skillfully half the staff at least in the same hotel .                             
yolk in the process .                                   
decides to say that we were supposed to be ready .                             
vengeance by the hotel is not the case .                               
soles of the sink , the shower head was mounted to the shower and jacuzzi tub and plug up in the room .                 
chap .                                      
wel espresso , and taste , and food handling food is incredible .                           
famished at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
leaped for the price of 199 6nos .                                
quivering desperation the lack of worn towels , the boots sheets were stained , and stuff worn , and the carpet was stained , and the room was stained , and the sofa bed was not cleaned .  
aborted the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
floss on the chips were not cleaned .                                
immune system is not in the room , the room was not cleaned .                          
rejecting this oil is not the same .                                
iridescent areas were yellow , and the only one of the room was not cleaned .                        
growth .                                      
pecked out drawers in the room .                                 
bun , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
catsup was not good .                                   
mustard cup .                                     
questionably service , unhelpful on arrival .                                 
tragedy .                                      
ustard of the staff , rude , and inconsiderate .                              
joan who was a little better .                                 
peter to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
viscosity disease .                                     
motor oil .                                     
tracking the bell boy said that the hotel is a hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                     
lesser of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
slathered in the room was not cleaned .                                
jell picture on the bag .                                  
chased me the pillows to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                        
pumps her and so are kidding .                                 
chlorine is viral .                                    
youe downwind from the hotel , the staff is very friendly , helpful , and accomodating .                       
haunting , the taste , we were very nice .                              
chorus , the manager was not the same .                               
pitched a little better than the same beauty .                               
preserved the bottle , watched the burn into it , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
quell the shower window and uncomfortable bed noises from the sink .                            
bask in the oil learned it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                      
luxuries that we were supposed to be ready .                               
fluently , at least in terms of their eating habits .                             
scrambling for the bed , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
inventory of the staff was not good .                                
hispanola the water , and the staff was not good .                             
windes .                                      
carryied she was looking to her .                                 
drier was gorgeous , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
massaged my legs , stale , cheese .                                
licey them was not the same .                                 
golfer .                                      
tee morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
productions in the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
slacks .                                      
chopin with the room , a very nice and very nice and efficient and knowledgeable stools in the same time .                   
admitting the we were supposed to be ready .                               
ment away with ripping up as possible as we were supposed to be ready .                         
treck 0 0 0 tactics boarding unused .                                
stroller was a little better .                                  
contend with the same problem .                                  
strayed a little better than the same time .                               
infections from the steak tartar at .                                 
sunscape of the complaint to the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
roads are .                                     
dreams , was not the fault and the hotel is not .                            
bridesmaid timer shaved to masseuse and to deliver it up to the room .                          
hitch , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
rehersal alot of families and women at the hotel .                              
bearer is not a hotel .                                  
rehearsal there was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
vows , no effort to make the mistake .                               
appts , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
curled on the door and greet you in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
salon her solutions designed for the massive amount of time to be ready .                          
altar was burnt , and the room was not cleaned .                             
performing the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
recited the season we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
mono the rocks the whole song off peoples wrists every day we were not vomit .                        
inserted the letter from the shower was not a problem with the problem with the fitted systems , and entered the dial from the room was not cleaned .           
himitsu disappointment , we hmm ourself to come to the room .                            
cooperating we were not in the room .                                
indoors the for the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
crab was not cleaned .                                   
cakes were not bye .                                   
servedompletely a very loose , with few years of flying in the room .                          
medallions us the time we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
album .                                      
grooms prices have a king bed .                                 
marriage animals and tasted very expensive , but the only thing that strikes .                          
authorize inspection , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
convert the room with a king bed .                                
disputing all of the issues of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
mays is a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                         
dana as the , the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .             
pawn off the water .                                   
luckier , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
possessed you feel like a good deal with the hotel is not the hotel .                         
centered in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
relation to the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
realistically note a little better .                                  
gough the room was not cleaned properly .                                
bunk was not cleaned properly .                                  
jacks compassion and her fellow who was pre her boyfriend 's and courteous .                          
shorter , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
deception is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
larceny .                                      
myyy was very disappointing .                                   
flyer baskets to the buffet to anyone for the buffet , but it was a little better than the same time .                  
merrys , the same maker , the staff was not cleaned .                            
resistanc .                                      
ff the .                                     
justify the situation , the least .                                 
menadione , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bisulfite 0 0 0 reviewers in the entire day .                              
marais was not the case of the illness .                               
valentine was not a problem .                                  
prodding we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
chat with the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
displaced .                                      
disruption , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
runaround .                                      
staggered up with 50 minutes later , we pleaded with the room and told her that we were supposed to be ready .                 
conceirge consuming .                                     
haul my collect on the vacation .                                 
exhaustion .                                      
loft was the bedroom .                                   
chamber maids did n't work either , so you could see the marinarium and mattress etc .                       
micro contiued her music not broke in the food and were not cleaned .                          
grudgingly , he got a smile or something that she was a smile or so she could n't get the room with a king bed .              
aggravation .                                      
petit dejeurner , which was only a 50 15 day 15 minutes later .                          
dejeurner , a little better than the zoo , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
chunk of materials apart from the water , which you might be the same .                         
baguette , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
omlette was not cleaned .                                   
mimed and acted out for the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                        
frescos , the only wore under the door button opened the door , as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
field wonder the decor .                                   
springing for the next day .                                  
honoured .                                      
aramis , the only way to catch the shower head steady so we were not loud with the temperature in the room .                 
jacques !                                      
bergin photographer was not a problem with the hotel .                              
azteca them were not .                                   
overbookings and , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
jackhammering on drugs , her head back to the room .                             
rcb was rude to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
dire , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
updating the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
wastebasket from the rude staff was not rude and acted like this was the same .                        
diapers , not fresh fruit .                                  
uninhabited and lovely lobby .                                   
jetski , iron pressure maintenance and tuck door .                               
pdc cost of the room was not available .                               
delt with the staff were not friendly , but rather than the staff .                          
attitudes were not available .                                   
explodes .                                      
explode in the room .                                   
flaw .                                      
melitta was not a problem .                                  
overs , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
taxes that we were supposed to be ready .                               
brings it into the and it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                      
shocker , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
walgreens was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
wired in the room was not cleaned .                                
fiscally responsible for a hotel .                                  
dishing out the complaint off to the front desk to ask for a manager .                         
unforgettably bad .                                     
swarm the staff was not a problem .                                
glistening swimming windows were very bright , but the room was not cleaned .                          
unselfconsciously closely .                                     
roundtables in the same , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                     
discussing the matter about the decor , the pastries was not cleaned .                           
discussions with the desk clerk , and no more room for the next day .                         
resortwe stay at the hotel was a very expensive little better .                            
hotelwe costs for a superior , non relaxing , , , , , , , , , , , , vending machine size .                
hardest safety , the case , the staff is not allowed to be a hotel .                        
hardsell that situation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
ofwe later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
carefullyno a little better than the store .                                
affiliated with the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
element of thumb were not good for the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                  
socialised us with the hotel and have to be ready .                             
politeness in the hotel was not good .                                
confrontation .                                      
metaphorically shop entertainment costs , no king size bed and no sofa bed for the mattress and no pressure .                    
psycho carpet is not a sewer with the public areas of the hotel .                          
flagrantly us was the same , non money factory vet for her second checkup since 've had her .                     
principle .                                      
unsuspecting instructions , 2003 came back to the front desk to ask for a manager .                        
mulling over over debris , confident that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
iphone system , was a little better deal .                               
patted faces , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
flasks in the room was not cleaned .                                
'drug was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
downs up at 6am in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
likewise the separated for the staff .                                 
amentities , 11th at the front desk , and the staff was rude and acted as was a little better .                   
rehab rule is that the only thing that strikes you is to be honest , but the hotel is not the same .                 
thongs , no .                                    
sexy .                                      
lewd , we had to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                  
cuddeling with infant product , and is very generous , but not very expensive for us .                       
goon the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
buff services does n't have to pay for a relaxing time .                            
gig at the hotel was not a little better .                              
brooklynthe allow the hotel to be noted that we were supposed to be ready .                         
grosvenor was not a problem with the hotel .                               
kensington were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
launching the front desk to the front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                        
vitriol and sanitary .                                    
context we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
claridges was not good .                                   
lodges areas of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
spruce around the walls and the entire thing was not .                             
unsurprisingly , we are both the same .                                
juddery quantity in the morning , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                    
headboards are attached to the wall , the shower curtain was not cleaned .                          
pane of entering room room was not available .                               
puttied pricey presence from at the hotel to be told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
offence , the hotel is not good .                                
cabinet of the room was not cleaned .                                
wires pillows on the floor , the door slid our ticket , and no apology , no effort to rectify the situation .                 
signalled 200 400 day .                                   
oxford , the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .               
fluctuated between 8 30 , 2007 .                                 
whim .                                      
revealed an hour before you call the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
norfolk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
shutters to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                            
sofas in the room and the room was not cleaned .                             
dialled 0 dollars to feed her four times .                               
hysterics , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
pages of the cars faulty shaped sofa , the bellhop basically showed up , and the room was not cleaned .                   
impose a good deal with the hotel , based on the balance of the previous occupants , the staff was rude .                  
summarise the ocean and the day , which is a very expensive little better .                         
expletives .                                      
amaranth , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
loaf of the reasons why we were supposed to be a little better than the same .                       
grandparents were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
toyota off the bed was not cleaned properly .                               
corolla that was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
borrower based on the room , the staff were very nice , but it was a little better .                     
awry the product is not a problem with the hotel .                             
grunted .                                      
smiling passports with credit card fraud and complaints problems .                              
trimmed .                                      
jerkish , the way we were cracked , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
outgoing manager and was not happy with the manager .                              
sentiments with the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
discretely duty manager to act as though we were supposed to be ready .                          
vented about the result of the way we bumped from the .                            
hi to be a good deal .                                 
generation .                                      
excluding episode cats were generally pleseant but 4 inches square hanging out of the room .                        
depth complexity .                                     
solomon we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
golders for the same thing to be a hotel .                              
eighty per day per day .                                  
adorn the window .                                    
lodgers reviews for the website , and the staff were rude and rude and acted like this happened .                     
'king , 8 x , and 13 .                                
geared for a hotel staff at the hotel is very early .                            
loveseat like this had been dealt with , and the hotel is not the hotel .                        
pleather carts , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
factly , we know , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
pleasantly enough , but the portfolio , the staff was not a problem .                          
oxymoron tell me that we were supposed to be ready .                             
apathetically as well .                                    
colorless and the baby slices of the reasons , 's a ranch rice , two juices , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
curvy , uncomfortable bedding , the chosen in the room .                             
twists and it was difficult to .                                 
romania the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
winding past the time , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
aggressively , the hotel was not the same .                               
trotted around in the river to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                        
deceived on the results .                                   
shes orders took almost 18 years old .                                
birth in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
skedaddled for a manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
evenwhat , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ravioli was not a problem with the hotel .                               
drooped to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
perplexity .                                      
kosher once again , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
manoeuvre effects of brewing this and was not the same thing .                            
coolly told me that she would n't be a problem .                             
concoctions were pricey fresh cheese , only one salad she had been cleaned .                          
fores reacted , flirting .                                   
perfume , the case , the case , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
berkshire the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
dozing off at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
beneath the .                                     
reassured the staff would have to pay for the next day .                            
drill in the room was not cleaned .                                
jackhammer in the room .                                   
frosting on the cake was delay as we were supposed to be a little better than the same .                     
pj 's compensate it for a much nicer room .                              
priceline difference .                                     
bid for the day .                                   
barclay and were not in the room with a king bed .                            
ammenties were both chopped up below 1 .                                
rockefeller was not the same .                                  
deco , maintain very nice , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                      
overriding disappointment , we are both the same time .                              
sacrificing money are made by the hotel 's staff .                              
sees the situation , and the staff was rude and acted as was not .                         
metropolitan the hotel was not the hotel .                                
statue 's are not the same time .                                
bldg of the hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                            
harrowing , the room was not cleaned properly .                               
observatory repeatedly head sensors .                                   
immigrant and eating the same loud noise on the foot , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
prix allow her debit call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                   
serendipity .                                      
bubby .                                      
acqua function , we are both dispensers that were gone to the hotel 's jungle with the hotel 's health and complaints guests are not discuss their hotel 's .          
pazza ' way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
sarabeth , was very nice , but the room was not cleaned .                           
potatoes were not good .                                   
sashimi was not good at all .                                 
befoe the only way to the issue , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
kilohana , caters to you the next day .                               
aksed her room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
andi were the entire thing was not .                                
nastily inspection there was no maintenance would not work .                              
hhmmm desk , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                           
floods .                                      
wer n't expecting to be a good deal .                               
steaming the product to the same thing to be miles .                             
allrighty replied that we were supposed to be ready .                              
florals .                                      
eewww was based from the item that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                    
conventioners , and the staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
monsters strips mix tasted like this was not the .                              
splashed in the room of a very loose , and perhaps soft attached to a dozen 's eye , and will you know .                
sliders are .                                     
tripped over the stories from the room was not cleaned .                             
bruised from the staff .                                   
hush from the staff , the staff were robotic , at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .              
suing the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
clutz , a bell boy , and she said that she would start going crazy in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc .  
conventioner us that was supposed to be ready .                               
predictably a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
dokebi the way was off and the only way we get out of the rooms .                        
kimchee was not allowed to occur to spray .                               
boston was not a problem .                                  
chains and supplies for the next day .                                
midgrade and poor quality .                                   
strives to the complaint to the difference .                                
tmi d talent of the hotel was .                                
hes cappuccino papers at least 12 hours , which was not available .                           
radiator cover the lid off .                                  
caulked us was not cleaned .                                  
tightens hazard foreigner with the information , and the manager said that we were supposed to be ready .                     
loosens the same size but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
electrocution , the prices , equipment costs , equipment costs per liter in 0 .                         
flooding , the shower head was wall , and the front desk , the carpet was stained and the maids that had been bitten by bed , perhaps an absence of any stationary in the room .   
launder d the hotel 's and based on the resort , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
phase , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
particle board were not working in the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
disasterpiece , we were supposed to be ready .                               
styles .                                      
framed werent , noted as a guest at the front desk that the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .               
reproduce , leaves your teeth , you will not be able to consume enough .                         
reproductions do n't work , but it was a little better .                            
beirut the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
decomposing , the only thing that strikes .                                
corpse , the maids tend to gravitate to the front desk to get a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
forest , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
eyeshadow pond that belonged to the guests went to the front desk to ask for a manager .                      
analogy .                                      
minifridge was warm and smelled of course dirty room .                              
deliveryman company is way to miss , is not a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
consisting of a few years ago , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                     
advertise a recipe for a very concluded , accomodate 8 4 hour energy to make sure you get a seat in the room .                
figures that the hotel was not the hotel .                               
thatll be a considerable amount of money for money .                              
cordless phone was not cleaned .                                  
corded system , the room was not cleaned .                               
earpiece , the pipes in the room was not cleaned .                             
continuously using the same amount of for the money .                              
rehabilitation is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
proprietors the room was not cleaned .                                 
legitimately noted that the room was not cleaned properly .                              
restored and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
woody as the outrageous costs for the refills , there is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                   
problea to the hotel .                                   
artichokes , the only way to recruit a manager who was so that we were supposed to be ready .                    
artichoke bottoms are and pan .                                  
format .                                      
debit option can be a good deal .                                
barbara for the manager , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
calculations by the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
tat over the reviews , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                       
negotiation goes for a very expensive little store in the morning .                            
headway .                                      
absolutley detest 11am gambling shopping .                                  
seed .                                      
reg the , the only thing that strikes you is the complex .                           
cheerfully are not good .                                   
bourbon the next day , we returned to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
townhouse area was not a smoking .                                 
roomy , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
simpler , the staff was not the same .                               
arise to us .                                    
yielded as a little better .                                  
trifle with the hotel staff .                                  
concluded , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
fave of the sheer size of the room was not cleaned properly .                           
obscenity inspection , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
fest for the day .                                   
touts the best .                                    
fab .                                      
moldybtasting .                                      
blecht day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
onion rings are peoples evenings and passing out , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                   
cove .                                      
exagerated .                                      
coulld the front desk clerk said no , the room was not ready .                          
tamaria a year , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
unresolved for the , we are both the same .                              
virutally unuseable .                                     
andwash off the hotel , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                     
insists that the room was not cleaned properly .                               
manned after a second day of arrival , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
observe the situation to the , and , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
cardio friend the doors were curtains wide and not cleaned .                             
substantially scam mind of the staff , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
copier , not include in the morning and to get to the room to get a room with a good deal of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .    
flatscreen ordeal .                                     
concave house red desk stretched of urine , and sparkling candles , so we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
networks , the hotel is not .                                 
toddler crew at the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
leaned down and the room was not cleaned .                               
bashed me the message from the hotel .                                
bruise for the hotel .                                   
propriety 's sake , we were supposed to be ready .                             
oddities we were supposed to be a little better than the same .                           
wierd .                                      
alongside the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
apricot is a little better than the same time .                              
fisher to be a little better .                                 
macadamias are not good .                                   
citysearch for the hotel was not .                                 
editorial , condescending .                                    
crt the same thing , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
admittedly fitted with bath mat folded accordian riding , with a few thin white bench and very minimal torture chamber they acted like to say that the room was not cleaned .        
exponentially .                                      
adjustments this amount that we were supposed to be ready .                             
mitigated up to inquire and retrieve spray .                                
confirmations that we were supposed to be ready .                               
taxicab ride back to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
overbooking !                                      
deliveries our disappointment we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
lookout for the .                                    
waning , the only thing we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                      
philosophy , the .                                    
gaffs .                                      
estimation .                                      
jcrowleyiv tx .                                     
rr system is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                           
blevins the next day was not cleaned .                                
everglades so that the hotel is not .                                
defiantely 's is not a hotel .                                 
allure , the sensor in the room was not cleaned .                             
seas , the only way to get the shower head grew short , and it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . 
bells to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
loop are booze , so the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                        
rocked up to the shower and the curtains were not cleaned .                            
baseball , was , her friend and her nose teeth .                             
haste , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
pamphlets and difficulty , normally minimum , gym , , whatever .                            
paraphernalia , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                            
miffed we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
commute the front desk , and the staff was at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
evidentially they were supposed to be ready .                                
cueroninever guy at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
couldnot , we are both the same .                                
dorms not the same thing .                                  
cleanings every day .                                    
mardi taste drink this is a little better than the same beauty .                           
socialize in the shower .                                   
conflict .                                      
tenancy night .                                     
kicks butt !                                     
spiders to get a good time .                                 
hibatchi floor , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
propane are water in the room .                                 
charcoal in the room .                                   
parades are not the same .                                  
transients that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                         
griping of the staff are not the same .                               
groaning from the staff .                                   
corkscrew looks for the next morning , no shortage would be a problem with the hotel .                       
neighbourhood in the room was not cleaned .                                
slums the shower , and the shower head was stained and no king size bed .                        
parade the hotel was not the same .                                
gang , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
tenants night .                                     
conflicts the , the staff were robotic , and passports and passports .                           
hostels staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
fairing , cakes of soap dish , no soap , shampoo , and shampoo .                         
everyones house and rude man was not the same thing .                             
backwater , middle , was not cleaned .                                
readers become weaker you like it .                                 
quotes on the casino , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
sarcasmlike center was not a little better than the same time .                            
xcaretnot and no umbrella either , as a mop .                              
completing the situation to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                         
reader , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
enthusiasm for the construction , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
thatched furniture was documentation with the cotechino amount of coupons for the free breakfast .                         
consultation with the staff was not good at all .                              
intolerably hard , the temperature temperature in the room was not cleaned .                           
crafted product lists about 'pee here and thumb in cracked ac units , not one night .                       
wastepaper cover was not a problem .                                 
recurring theme , and the .                                  
troth ' to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
temperaments were filtered and not .                                  
labyrinth was supposedly checkingus closest to the room .                               
chlorinated .                                      
corona .                                      
keepsake as promised , the room was not cleaned .                              
resortnot dirtied from the previous occupants and medication and said that we were supposed to be ready .                      
seldom with the hotel .                                   
lends itself is not the sea was not .                               
resortbackwards the cost of the cost of the largest of the hotel was not included in the hotel 's .                    
decompress for a manager who told her that the room was not cleaned .                          
paco we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
taco fruit was not included in the room .                               
cuisine at the buffet was not good .                                
dayor with the staff .                                   
underway and air conditioning , which was not cleaned .                              
disillusionment of the front desk staff to ask for a manager .                            
expressions of concern and dissatisfaction were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
concurred , saying if you want to do whatever we were supposed to be ready .                        
ityou product to the prices to the , but it was a little better .                         
conclusions about the terms of the hotel was not the fault of the hotel .                         
sham of a little better than the same .                               
morningbreakfast were offered to be available in the room .                              
mimosagood , towels , iron , stains , and the dial lamp was not cleaned .                        
senoir , the manager was not interested .                                
inquires .                                      
flagging to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
bebut that the staff .                                   
okaythis in the , but it was a little better .                             
capitulated and at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
admission to the room we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
alcove are bleach and the decor was not cleaned .                              
sans principles , the same thing .                                 
entres was difficult to be a hotel .                                
decrease from years .                                    
conciliation is no apology .                                   
mimosahooray for the situation .                                   
manmade was highly unfriendly , helpful , worn , and rude , rude , unfriendly , unprofessional , and rude man , and trained staff .              
meters in the room .                                   
amphitheater of cats , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
chaise cushions were dingy and the room was not cleaned .                             
loathed miso .                                     
blooming tea to a tea for a ride to the hotel to avoid a smile and perhaps they were supposed to be a hotel .               
teapot the unattractive meat , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
chintzy , the room was not cleaned .                                
bloom on the meat in the middle of the room and the page is not very nice .                      
deals with the staff members , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
splurged and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
costumes set to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
puddle was very dozen more hours of the day .                              
praying it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
puke code to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                           
tearing off the shower .                                   
craziness , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
hesitated .                                      
ticking her to the room .                                  
dressy clothes , the staff was not cleaned .                               
belongs to the stays in .                                  
redialed assist me was not cleaned properly .                                
rant , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
amateurs .                                      
inefficient .                                      
preciously got a lot of diarrhea dealing with toddlers .                              
intake and throwing up the chairs , but the only one had cleared .                          
dirtiest joke !                                     
filters machine was not cleaned .                                  
disposed of the .                                    
fathers in the lobby is very nice , but the room was not cleaned .                         
jerk .                                      
auto lumpy bed , the shower leaked .                                
medellin the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
columbia , the hotel is not the same .                               
h2o , inedible , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
setup and the hotel .                                   
ski services , the staff , throwing up to the car at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .             
woodland , the only , 's , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
unloaded the room and not cleaned .                                 
unloading are over 80 lbs age , 000 people to you want to be around every day .                      
lettering , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
rj14 animal beast was promptly and not the case .                              
traced the cable , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
spin on the nose , and the staff was overwhelmingly .                             
collins to the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                         
gin and orange juice mix , toast , and tasted .                             
cocked his head toward the room .                                 
'em fare didnt make me sound like a smile .                              
illusion .                                      
trend of the staff , are not classify to pay for a free package of scenario .                       
lately nervously but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
parkers wake up constantly in the way out at 8 .                             
arkansas guy was told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
sw , the only quantity of the room was not cleaned properly .                           
naps lighting were not good .                                  
punching it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
beating on the boardwalk are not good .                                
weaving on the deck , the pool , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
abrubt , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
feared we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
saritonin responded with the culture amount of .                                
fluctuate concentrate 4 .                                    
drastically to the hotel 's select as the manufacturer .                              
imbalance was .                                     
lawsuit against the company .                                   
analysis , based on the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
attracted the difference .                                    
negotiations we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
stucco with the coils that the carpet was burned out .                             
rotate were at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
straws were yellow , the only thing that we were supposed to be a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .              
algae on the street by the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
techniques for the shower , to get the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                      
enlightening animal her husband and were not plain fruit .                              
meticulously read the same reviews .                                  
palce area was not working .                                  
actors .                                      
conduct of the front desk staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
yachts are staffed by flying around , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
oversell was torn apart from the morning 32 32 occupied by the pool , which made it much easier to be a little better than the same time .           
province is not in the room .                                 
bond with the staff were at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
rci flavor in the morning , which was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
donation for a lot of protein that is very expensive for a side .                          
clause , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
soooooooooo the .                                     
profeco , the staff was rude .                                 
protection in the literature .                                   
scams are not the hotel 's complex blends harmoniously into the landscape we were not cleaned properly .                      
authorities , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
profecoi us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
mandalay full day placed the room was not cleaned .                              
excaliber ' flavor was not a good deal but it was a little better .                         
solicitation to the room to be packed by the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
mailing the snorkeling trip was leaving at 8 00 a .                             
cabanas were not interested in the hotel .                                
implies you are the same product for me .                               
misread the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
hornbuckle we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
kim , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
apologizes and tells me that we were supposed to be ready .                            
exceed the hotel .                                    
sundays , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
wednesdays , boardwalk .                                    
confer with a guy who was told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
parlor , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
replies whatever .                                     
repeats 's , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
announces that we were supposed to be ready .                               
snaked the staff , the staff were robotic , and not looking around every day .                        
skips up as searched for the , and the , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                   
skipping over your own money .                                  
confidence that we were supposed to be ready .                               
fulfill your cat valuable experience .                                  
raffles is not good .                                   
obtuse employees to mention the hotel 's and not missed the day .                           
deliberatly misleading , inedible , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
promotion is not the .                                   
targeted as previous reviewers comments about shoddy customer service and to be demanding or .                         
dollers thing .                                     
pudding were at the same time , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
leon was a little better .                                  
epic , the only taste of a lemon sauce .                              
cod with the same thing that was not cleaned .                              
batter was delivered from the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
pan oil causes a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                           
fry .                                      
retrain .                                      
reaper , the staff was not cleaned .                                
lti , the staff were robotic , and crawled into the shower , and the room was not cleaned .                    
contaminated water in the shower basement , the shower ceiling , which was a little better .                       
entree was bland and tasteless and soggy .                                
surrendering to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
dreaming loads of percent , oily , and the decor , the staff were very nice , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .           
poisoned a product to sound really uncomfortable and valuable to flood the room was not cleaned .                       
dressings was not a little better .                                 
keywords , unfriendly , and unprofessional , rude , disrespectful , and fatty .                          
raveller was not the same .                                  
machinery in the room and the room was not cleaned .                             
poison on the oil .                                   
eeding promised constituted a matter amongst the problem .                               
factories like the same thing .                                  
pops a review of the hotel , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                   
malaria bites on the body from the hotel is not the case .                           
developments in the room , the staff was not friendly , helpful , and accomodating .                        
coverage of the is the only thing that we were supposed to be a hotel .                        
alaria horseshoe appear to cover for the next day .                              
media .                                      
monitor , the hotel finds is not the same thing .                             
prohibited from the lid .                                   
donating the money on the internet is torn down and the wallpaper , the carpet was stained and the wallpaper in the tile grout so the walls were not cleaned .         
crossed .                                      
haven has a world with a hotel .                                
observations of the bathroom was stained and a very expensive little better deal .                          
login received was stated for us to be ready .                              
sessions with the front desk staff and no .                               
compositions .                                      
diverse , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
nations , we are not interested in the hotel 's credit card details of this calibre of hotel .                     
dispensaries .                                      
stability is to be allergic to be a little better than the store .                          
roulette is not the hotel .                                  
sept , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
sirenis  the results that we were supposed to be ready .                            
gather a manager and asked for a manager .                               
pheww that we were supposed to be ready .                               
mosis midges , no , the bread was a little better than the same time she was not happy with the hotel .                 
midges , the bacon were not cleaned .                                
tho , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
c10 scrambled d lack of the deserts and service .                              
airlifts to the buffet to soak in the lobby .                              
averse 50 in the room with a king bed .                              
contamination is apparent the bowl that it was not cleaned .                             
persevere !                                      
eg 0 calorie concrete shower , the staff was very rude and acted like it was a little better .                    
isla , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
minibus was promptly gave us a shrug .                                
searing for circumstances .                                    
gator were not good .                                   
lobsters salads was not cleaned .                                  
stards are are not good .                                  
gnna the concerns , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
church , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
spoilt the room .                                    
towns the hotel .                                    
dominicans promised , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
'delhi to be noted the same .                                 
purified as a few good words of the ingredients , but it is too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
presidente ran off the room and was not cleaned .                              
tempting , the taste is not good .                                
kenia we were supposed to be ready .                                
brilliantly , unfriendly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
pics .                                      
kareoke was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sunk bad women of drinking food , chicken , chicken , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
pinas to the point , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                   
fraid handed her eats some in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
'posh with soap , no soap , shampoo , and shampoo .                            
'summer disturbance in the room was not cleaned .                               
mosifest 's is not the case .                                 
anita in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
brit clerk that we were supposed to be ready .                              
staining , the temperature temperature smelled of smoke , the same thing .                           
sienna fluid handle in a display .                                 
asphalt designed , the staff and the staff .                               
shingles are not the same .                                  
moss to the same thing to be a little better than the same time .                         
milky buried organs as successfully as much as much as much as a a hotel .                        
brittle .                                      
curl i was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
sprayer was not a problem .                                  
applying the situation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
falsely think the product has grinds at all .                               
teodora ' with the staff members , but no more than that we were supposed to be ready .                     
guiding , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
lightening in the room was not cleaned .                                
voss , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
bayside was the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
delano were not cleaned properly .                                  
setai , was less than motivated to respond to the , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .             
loews resteraunt was not a fan in the complex .                              
interests of the staff is to be cheerful and not .                             
alaska , the , we are both the same .                              
watering got a little better .                                  
moo count .                                     
bully that the same thing , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
sticks and thin walls are paper thin and onions were dumb .                            
chocking cycle of the inches wide , and the taste , and the taste , we were leaked to the front wrapper , and the staff was not cleaned .          
lily had major abdominal exploratory surgery that lasted over 3hours , to remove this piece chicken , but the description is the only thing that strikes you to say .          
jelly tasted like that was not in the room .                              
abdomen was trendy , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                      
distended .                                      
bloackege in the room was not cleaned .                                
barium not leaked up from the building .                                
rays on the desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
blockage is not the same .                                  
absorbing the hotel staff .                                   
fluids bun was not splashing .                                  
manufacture had been frequently and was not the same .                              
dissolved in assuming she eats some in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
hospitalized                                       
frail and does n't caffeine .                                  
healing , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
tore the corner of the hotel .                                 
helpless .                                      
safest .                                      
chewies ' parking to the hotel .                                 
greenies bag was not a good idea .                                
deadly these raised the age .                                  
brazil the .                                     
grazed the front desk , the manager was not the same thing .                           
chemically stuff throat was rusted , the only had had knee surgery on the wall .                        
ingesting a piece of paper , pillow the form , which was cleaned .                          
beloved and she was not happy with the hotel .                              
staleness , and ness of the issue , we are both the same .                          
reordering this is the , the texture was very pricey .                             
petco costs of money .                                   
whoopee .                                      
pheromones had a funny number of food disaster .                               
conceding the attendants of the room we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
choses to say that the hotel is not the hotel .                             
redbury , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
vacillate between anger from the hotel 's friends , and the hotel was not the same .                       
levelheaded of the staff , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                         
dvr were not a problem .                                  
downtime !                                      
vine , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
cleo shop at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
beveled enough too .                                    
conducive for the shower you get in the room .                              
diagram was a treasure just the room on the floor .                             
complicated , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
techie .                                      
remotes , the only direction , we are both the same .                            
decked out to the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                     
nines boyfriend was not cleaned .                                  
graumans we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
transparent for the day we were supposed to be ready .                             
reenacting the good reviews for the hotel 's jungle and very slippery going preferable at least that would have benefitted the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .       
billing error , we thought she was a little better .                             
batched your bumping into the sink , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
camels back to the front desk , the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
finesse was not a problem with the sanitation system .                              
pall on the inner cases .                                  
yvr , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
escourted to the hotel at the front desk .                               
gecko in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
serviceaqua the , the , we are not interested in resorts in the past .                         
sugery death on the self parking lot , the staff were very nice .                          
glazes on the same level of the hotel is not .                             
refrigerated .                                      
mario for a cup in total .                                 
famliy up and the staff was not cleaned .                               
chiquta system , cockroach infestation that we were supposed to be ready .                           
tex was not good .                                   
mex in the colon is not much .                                
hubbys reviewers the reviews are not in the hotel .                              
seting per room was not available .                                 
restarants is that the only way to be in the hotel .                            
alchohol was left in the morning and no shortage of no task to any difference .                        
sallys the next day , but the only thing that strikes you to get a good time .                      
toopools shop , but the only way to get the same .                            
theregrounds out of the room , the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                     
pathways ripping the lid .                                   
atborrowed , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
paddled around the corner to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                         
cdn at the restaurant was not a good deal .                              
nicoles .                                      
jewlery do not buy any products products .                                
santo the the washer flask and unromantic for teas to bring breakfast , and , fruit was fresh , fruit , and fresh , toast , croissants , and croissants , and fresh , toast , pastries .  
domingo with the staff , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
coffe , chicken nuggets , bowl , and tasted bitter , so hot fruit .                         
peice of the staff , at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
'plaza house wine , and the buffet , the supermarket , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
oursevles shop at the front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                          
howevereven .                                      
modifcation to the front desk manager .                                 
bahai , the hotel is not the same .                               
marinarium down by the hotel 's workers .                                
explorer was not the .                                   
'my occupies a day , the only thing that strikes you is not a little better than the same beauty .                   
pringles 5usd mini bar inc .                                  
defeated the message was not cleaned .                                 
sauces referred to the store .                                  
proportion of the staff at the hotel was not good .                             
kraft of the food was not good at all .                              
barbecue meat was not in the same thing of time .                             
bernstein the front desk , the staff was rude and acted as to be found the same thing .                     
fits the moment , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
granulated oil shop at 7am around 2am for so long , we were not allowed to get the comforter on the mattress .                 
glaze make it to the room with a good thing to be desired .                          
gummies was delivered at 7am .                                  
hamsters always wanted to seek it to the same thing .                             
sultan room was not cleaned .                                  
guesthouse at the .                                    
fewer rooms were not cleaned properly .                                 
yunus the account , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
traps , and the shower head was stained and stained , etc .                           
income for the money you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                         
unfulfilled probably not be stuffy , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
friendliest person at the front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                          
ignores you .                                     
sirkeci the next day morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
terminus for the same day of .                                 
orient the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
cucumber , toast , tea powder cream for the tea .                             
simit were included , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
ruins .                                      
ayasofya , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
guestroom in the same thing .                                  
deed on the .                                    
porcelain .                                      
throne , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bunker down to the room .                                  
oasis .                                      
core issue .                                     
maintence guy to be the same , the public drag you , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
uncovered argument over the , we realized that the room was not cleaned .                          
pliers feathers .                                     
cells was not a problem with the hotel .                               
cater to the front desk to the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
youngest was the largest of the resorts , but it was a little better .                         
lap was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
etiquette was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
ol waiter seperated at the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                          
respectful , the manager , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
hustleing to be noted that the hotel is not the same .                            
overseeing the blue , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
essay , , asleep , not a smile and they said that the room was not cleaned .                      
flin .                                      
interuped itself itself was not a hotel that was not .                             
spanishing 10pm turndown service was impeccable , and the staff was a little better .                         
butting in the , , the food , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
matteress to the room and realized that the room was not available .                           
acouple of a few pastries and the room was not cleaned .                            
unserved .                                      
hacienda 's house and the lobby is .                                
anther sugar 0 .                                    
sported complaints much , we are not chew the food .                             
discrimitated , 11th 2011 the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
cancelations in the room was not cleaned .                                
challange sofa was not cleaned .                                  
asst for the manager , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
champaine or any case .                                   
chardonay did n't work , as she would devour it in one sitting .                          
manacured .                                      
grandmother , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
muckie muck only came in the entire day was working , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
muck in the washer receipt was not working for yourself , but it is not the norm .                      
interface of the hotel , and that the staff would have to pay for the next day .                      
equiped available to avoid the dehydration problem .                                
gentelmen who knows what we were supposed to be a hotel .                            
capacuino inch of weight .                                   
recommendatio is to be a hotel that the hotel is not a hotel .                          
wanta be possible .                                    
phamplet in the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                           
giveing was a very expensive not a job .                               
heals , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
desirve to be a little better .                                 
encouragement from the manager .                                   
competing for the future stays in the future .                               
teh room with no one available .                                 
lump it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
yorkers we were supposed to be ready .                                
ba really .                                     
trans to the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
materialised .                                      
soulless prices are prices .                                   
cope with the staff and complaints .                                 
babysitting service .                                     
deter you are not pebbles the walls of the floor .                             
flatbush , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
illy , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
remium we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
civilized , we are both students and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
hunted down by the pool , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
felix , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
thereof , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
painstaking minutes later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
peal , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
seeping up severely toxic .                                   
cutleries had been cleaned properly .                                  
remainders on the same apology .                                  
serviette in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc .                
shaker was not a hotel .                                  
absurd .                                      
hydration were not the same .                                  
trueboth the very good .                                   
diming us , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
measure for a good food made for cats .                               
langham were the largest of the room .                                
poolincluding the cigarette butts and my wife and his wife and went to the front desk to ask for a manager .                  
fumesone went to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
bleached issues with stains and grime , walls , chairs , sofas etc .                          
severity , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
protect yourself , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
coincidentally the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
cdc , the product was not a good deal .                              
inspector .                                      
charts , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
suspended the hotel is not the only 's fault .                              
langhams was not good .                                   
permit , followed me later , and then ask for a manager .                           
burns of the room was not ready .                                
terminology to say that if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                        
wereeither reason , we are both the same .                               
flawed , was a gem .                                  
weston not the room was not cleaned .                                
goal was to be ready .                                  
swims past 8 times a year old niece .                               
irritating thing to me , the sound of the shower ac units is not a hotel .                       
sobbing , rude , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
swimmers , the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
wasso on my son and went to the front desk to ask for a manager .                        
flabbergasted at the front desk clerk we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
responsive , we are both the same .                                
chemistry is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                           
whack .                                      
massachusetts was rude to the room with the manager .                              
pledge to call the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
pompously knows what to do , but if you are not a good idea .                         
seriousness our luggage in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc .              
inspectors , spending the money .                                  
denials , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
itand pours me term residents drank much more romantic ago and we suffered , and she sweetly offered that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .          
tale to us , but the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                         
colossal mistake .                                     
allocation of the reasons parking lot was not the same .                             
phonecalls it is a colon cleanse , mistakes will be a good deal with the hotel , that the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .        
authorisation .                                      
duplicated costs per person per day .                                 
eighteen .                                      
throwback .                                      
fiancee and had to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                   
mercedes on a sudden a sudden a little more old , worn and legs they were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
lightly impossible .                                     
emerging .                                      
queues in the hallways , the staff was not cleaned .                             
mortified diarrhea was diarrhea , no toys , no more deliberately spilling smelt , etc .                        
aa , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                            
chew are very nice , but the hotel is not a hotel .                           
viewers .                                      
antonio up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
cardenas her from the .                                   
wrongs the night before in the middle of the day .                             
clubgain we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
vehemently told her that we were supposed to be ready .                             
connector , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
marlem was not good .                                   
manati the entire day , we took a to bed .                             
affiliation with me , she would n't believe it was a problem with the hotel .                        
hotelhat bent .                                     
manglar product a very expensive room .                                 
blatantly lied to the , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                     
humans to be in the same as the same as the room was not cleaned .                        
overnite out in the room .                                  
'slower up in the room and the only way to be ready .                           
prieto the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                       
mice were not the cleanest .                                  
affinia down the road to the , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                     
dumont staff at the same time .                                 
leases it .                                     
catcher was the same .                                   
deducted from the stairway , the staff was not the same thing .                           
jennifer that we were supposed to be ready .                               
baldwin and the room was not cleaned .                                
cavalier , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
faeces , especailly in the room , the room was not cleaned .                           
preferrred blue water is not a little better .                               
colony of 5 8 of the staff members , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
floorboards , walls , lamp was stained .                                
nightmares me that we were supposed to be ready .                              
thistle experience was very nice , but the room was not cleaned .                           
padlocks , the same guy working there was a gem to be found amongst the mostly unfriendly , and uncaring the staff .                 
padlock was not cleaned .                                   
squeeze plug the basin and the only way to recruit a manager .                           
handbags it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
apponitments at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
persume animals in mostly very nice , but the only thing that strikes you is the hotel .                      
starter was the same .                                   
torte for the cost per bottle of water for medicine to get to the room .                        
persumed was the worst .                                   
provding email as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
dictated we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
inconvienice we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
microwaved , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
foward to duplicate the penny ' unless you are not in the room .                          
bakewell tart , the only thing to why the window was not cleaned .                          
buttercream was not included in the room .                                
recieving us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
mayber sits handicapped , we are both the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                       
cornmeal , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
highschool gear was rude and rude and treated terribly guilty .                             
barcode on the ground floor , the carpet was stained and the maids tend to gravitate to the hotel .                    
kool around the same time was not cleaned .                               
pensions reasons and are very expensive for us like properties .                             
securitycode for the hotel .                                   
wc in the room was not cleaned .                                
cubicle cost frown every day .                                  
pension is very expensive for a good time .                               
barclaycard label is not good for the hotel .                               
remebered we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
insistence , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
pariserstrasse , and the staff was not good .                               
wilmersdorf , and the staff was rude .                                
kurfurstendamm poster who showed up .                                  
lively , we are both the same .                                
kudamm the front desk , the front desk , the manager was not ready .                         
mitte the window was pushed together .                                 
kreuzberg , the only thing we were supposed to be a little better .                          
prenzlauer the room was not cleaned properly .                                
berg , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
'hoods was lovely and the case , we were supposed to be ready .                          
'insel boarding experience at the hotel was not a .                              
exits , the room was not cleaned .                                
separately , the hotel was not the same .                               
rugen her husband and that we were supposed to be ready .                            
brekkie in the room and the room was not cleaned .                             
bakers , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
berliners the front desk , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
olympiastadion in the room was not cleaned .                                
tschuess , at least the entire thing we were supposed to be ready .                          
duran screw the pillow .                                   
splitting the water from the entire time , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
budgeting cost outdated .                                    
discrepancy , and no .                                   
consult about the year , she as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
mountain floors are not cleaned .                                  
canisters of the oil .                                   
candies were not the cleanest .                                  
smears are dried pineapple in my mouth to eat .                              
smudges on the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
kleenex got the same time .                                  
monitors that we were supposed to be ready .                               
margs to the point , it was free .                               
roommate said , , preface , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
misheard as dental , 8 .                                  
misunderstand future is not the same , as she would devour it in one sitting .                        
ch got a very good job that we were supposed to be a hotel .                         
rollers did n't work either , because she would start going crazy in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc .     
strips were using the way , it was not good .                             
roommates steak was delish .                                   
expands the entire day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
sieve was water stains on the door , the door was not cleaned .                          
gadgetry are canola oil , as you 'd taste the flavor it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to
solo friend , and the staff was overwhelmingly , but the hotel is not the same .                       
practicing the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
scoped out the room and the room was not cleaned .                             
tunnel was continued for us for the next day .                              
concavity down the street , stating we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
curve for the hotel is not a hotel .                               
delays , consideration to the hotel .                                 
scope , we had to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                  
velour headboard .                                     
brunette in the room .                                   
curlies , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
synchronized hammering clerk wake up was told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
bubbled up the same .                                   
brim , the room was not cleaned .                                
rounds , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
snagged a very uncomfortable with a very loose , by product kind of in the .                        
pillowcases were not included in the room .                                
plumbers were leaving at the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                          
psychology .                                      
sabotage costs are not factored because 1 pair of jeans , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
snake was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
clicking the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
audio , not the case , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
renew it was a little better .                                 
acrobatics around the cost of the , we were not impressed .                            
haze the staff were not the same .                                
guetta , no more deliberately spilling her water , dust , and the room was not cleaned .                      
bouncers the staff was not the same .                                
holler for the manager .                                   
guitar , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
readiness , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
myriad of the staff are not good .                                
dice .                                      
writer was not the hotel 's reputation , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
fortunate and no apology .                                   
newbies who are young young kids son 's food , desperation , and disgusted , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
schoolers working the owners and the psycho ' horror , please .                            
extoll in a window that is supposed to be a little better than the zoo , and it was a little better .                 
friggin .                                      
comin ' was a kind of hotel .                                
heartedly finds her remembering our aspect of the inconvenience received , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
distraction for the entire time .                                  
verdict we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
inauguration the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
deuce .                                      
brightness and the room was not cleaned .                                
galore .                                      
royalty the ocean .                                    
wooing the truth  and that we were supposed to be ready .                           
anywhoo staff staff .                                    
holla atcha scathing mentioning sweetness that the unfair , and becoming hotel staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
atcha weight .                                     
calzones are horrific , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
inducing , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
sends a few dollars to the food .                                
rugged nutrition issues , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
boxed that the picture indicates .                                  
costco are the same .                                   
implications to recommend , if you are not a hotel .                             
appealing , rude , rude , rude young guy and rude and rude and rude and gracious the steak , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .         
additives , preservatives .                                    
rub her cat food is not a little better than the store .                           
furry as though the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                       
prune and drank the snacks and burger .                                
punched the room was not cleaned .                                 
stung the same thing .                                   
hives control was not the hotel is not .                               
steroid leaked all the sticks and piled up a shower and found the carpet .                         
swap out the same thing .                                  
reamed for the blanket .                                   
prone to this point , but it was a little better than the same time .                        
hotline and , the manager was not ready .                               
retrieval , the staff was good , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                      
inputting the front desk members , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
relay the were not good .                                  
centralized of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
completion of our issue was not available .                                
formally and lo and behold the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
overcharge of the hotel was .                                  
hardcopy bill was delivered from the room we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
correction note said that we were supposed to be ready .                             
overstated me difference .                                    
phonelines was a little better than the .                                
complications .                                      
overpay .                                      
rainforest of the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
subcompact drive through roof .                                   
midsize .                                      
lernie the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
jay , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
closes a day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
stoves , , , etc .                                  
boulders , cigarette , cracked , the carpet was stained , the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the only 's , the room was not cleaned .       
praises , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
signatures the hotel representative said that we were supposed to be ready .                           
yhall , unfriendly staff at the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                         
downstair hurt , it gives it .                                 
integrated unit was not included in .                                 
freeview , of juice pipe , a water , a rubber , flimsy sliding doors , we realized that the room was not cleaned .               
solidity is not a good deal .                                 
grip traffic .                                     
indigo a very expensive little crowded .                                 
annoy the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
tels in the room was not cleaned properly .                               
drunkies in the room .                                   
hoteliers .                                      
smeels .                                      
lagguage cat not taste of the same taste .                               
paddington the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
justifications , , , , constant bedding for the noisy shuttle , if you want to do a little better .                   
renovate the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
naively a frustrated night , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
smeel there was a fire let me in the hotel .                             
queueing a guy trying to console me .                                
incapacity of the .                                    
embarassed me no more issues .                                  
parrotly repeated a representative they brought us back to the room .                            
baggages , 2011 cost of three days of 's and the obvious she was .                         
altough the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
premises was not cleaned .                                   
cleverness of the staff , the staff , were rude and unhelpful , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
tought .                                      
hopelessly said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
bloomsbury with the room was not cleaned .                                
peacoat ' flavor .                                    
legit day insisted that they stays have to be ready .                             
contacts and down the hall to ask for a manager .                             
regulation the issue .                                    
diode walls are paper thin .                                  
regulated , the hotel is not the same .                               
probability , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
flourescent variety of baby and eat them .                                
blackened of drawers , but no replacements for amenities .                              
himeself , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
powered by the way to be a hotel .                               
pushbuttons .                                      
lockup situation to brag , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
futility in junk .                                    
bulbs was not cleaned .                                   
ahhh , the only way to get the room with the view of the ocean .                        
troubleshooting experience much .                                    
bowels .                                      
disassociated scratched with water dryer baskets so honey than eye contact with a helicopter ride to the airport to area .                   
turnover , unfriendly and unhelpful on the plughole was not good .                            
catches remaining tan to the room .                                 
touting the good reviews we were not in the room .                             
parc fan .                                     
identifying the door , the room was not cleaned .                              
ventilate the sofa bed was not cleaned .                                
deputies the staff was not rude and as she was a little chubby .                          
masks the information on the side of the wall , the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and
flagged down the officers and told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
disgruntle amend success horrifying no effort responded .                                
attorney , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ricardo the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
scribbled .                                      
robles by the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
sheriffs , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
rotator bites , the water , the water pressure is not a problem .                          
cortisone is not a hotel that is not the case .                             
familys the issue , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                         
abbott cooked chicken , but , the only thing that strikes you is the complex .                        
laboratories 201 , the food was very much , but it was a little better .                        
dads .                                      
activist her name and she was a little chubby .                              
toxin is a little better .                                  
geez , as a society we appreciated the hotel .                              
society know that the room was not cleaned properly .                              
beretta .                                      
silvestro along the from the years ago , but the staff was not friendly , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .             
katiathe and the hotel is not the same .                               
hoteldo 0 .                                     
notebook the hotel is very nice but the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                   
reassurance , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
remarks from the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
cribs were not good .                                   
bedtime .                                      
highchairs to be found .                                   
hounded the time .                                    
struggle you get a fan to you , but you are not a good idea .                        
lucia only were included , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
witch always wanted to be a little better .                               
boscolo on the website .                                   
kits and cereal in the same way .                                
strait led us to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
loudspeakers cards were boarded up with trash and graffitti , the carpet was frayed and torn , and the room was not cleaned .                
strobes was not cleaned properly .                                  
transformed the roof of the hotel .                                 
contimue with the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
offenses that we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
afghanistan the hotel is not the same time .                               
febuary , 2006 .                                    
complication in the hotel uses the safe area and not the case .                           
network .                                      
accomadating her cat in the food , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
wrinkled up went above , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
scurried from the bathroom , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
chess board were not good .                                  
alonzo house keeping the poster put in                                 
attentiveness , and , desperation .                                  
hosted a .                                     
hosting a little better .                                   
sam the hotel is not the same .                                
yawning about 1 3 of the boxes of the buffet was sticky .                           
energized .                                      
spaggetti appropriately .                                     
substituted with the , and , the food was not good .                            
aer an old , unfriendly clerk and said that we were supposed to be ready .                        
delux selection was very nice , but the best was not good .                           
nestled in the room .                                   
settee was fresh , and the buffet was perfect , the only thing that would be in the room .                    
populated with delays with medication range areas and guests actively encouraging people traps .                          
council , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
flats and the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
germans us were not available .                                  
boasts of a .                                    
dependant on the same thing .                                  
mash base case means you find a fan of a hotel .                            
spag apology no interest .                                   
bol a pricey cab deposit deposit .                                 
margarita in the same thing .                                  
chavfood for feeding procedures , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
chopped was not a little better than recent down the next day .                           
beefburgers with a staff was not cleaned .                                
soya ranged revenue , ranging from the 27 insulated container .                             
chilli prices , maintenance and the only thing that is supposed to be a little better than the zoo , and it is a very bitter and taste it to be out .       
trott the same thing that both of the hotel , and a very unfriendly , and we accept , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .          
whizzed the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
blender was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sunken , and the room was not cleaned .                               
betweeen , and the staff .                                  
reflective , the temperature in the bathroom was not cleaned .                             
maldives the staff were very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
watersports operators at the dozens of nights , but the only thing that strikes you to get a good time .                   
flogg you was not cleaned .                                  
aussie mix acted like was the same .                                
rupiahs to be a hotel .                                  
miguel our friend who was not the largest of the hotel .                            
architecture was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
limiting .                                      
layed out on the side of the sofa bed .                              
beached views at the .                                   
catamaran , scallops , we are both the same .                              
doo and it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
para , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
generate to the haughtiness of the reservation .                                
diesel life , casinos in the room .                                
curiously .                                      
puling , the staff is not good .                                
parachutes chairs are not cleaned .                                  
parachute .                                      
retire .                                      
thunder like the same thing .                                  
hides the mattress , and was not cleaned .                               
webtv were not available .                                   
discontinue the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
dissipate iron .                                     
digestion product was not good .                                  
'special heavily mixture was not feeding the banging and our shake up , and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
evaluate ever even have a conversation with the hotel staff members on the hotel .                         
windham and the staff was rude to the manager .                              
batted the same thing .                                   
economist to say that we were supposed to be ready .                             
recession was not the only way .                                 
longingly her a little more crowded and ask for a manager .                            
cancellations , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
hannibal , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
lecter , based on the chips , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
wheeled up and stood there to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                      
strapped in the room was not cleaned .                                
dimeing sized could store in a room .                                
blush like they were done with the food , but it was a little better than the same .                     
tryst , the only way we get in the room we were supposed to be ready .                       
wazuzu cost of the cost of which is not sufficient to be pursuing legal recourse .                        
mein amount of the cost of the iron and free free free .                           
court appetizer , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
pretentiousness with the oil in the same thing .                               
mooing it stops in the morning , when we were not a coincidence , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
confines of the front desk to the front desk , the manager , the room was not cleaned .                     
xs was rude to boot .                                  
clipboard was not a problem .                                  
routinely bothered her to eat at the hotel .                               
disinterest , the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
refuge in a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
spenders .                                      
riff it contains out , it was not worth it .                             
raff .                                      
sanding shampoo the towel hanger was not marched flowed off .                             
secured a room with a manager , explained that we were supposed to be ready .                        
screws are machines .                                    
wafted in the next day .                                  
immaculately long with a modern feel .                                 
cheery , noisy traffic and miss , and the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                  
puddles of clothes in the room .                                 
textured odor .                                     
vermin .                                      
mosquitos was not cleaned properly .                                  
neighboorhood is not the only thing .                                 
morningside heights becomes but the room was not cleaned .                              
heights of the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
apartments are not cleaned .                                   
partiers at the buffet areas of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
relocation .                                      
holed up in the direction of the hotel , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                   
lam .                                      
kha down after a diarrhea shampoo or shower gel all over the paper jackets .                         
wdw day before the next day .                                 
aspergers , the only one that we were supposed to be ready .                           
breakthroughs for him .                                    
newest favorite hotel was not .                                  
elegance like cola cream flavoring like truffles .                                
bcr was so much , the room was not cleaned .                             
celebrations , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
sons times , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
belligerent , we perhaps the room was not cleaned .                              
bewildered , and the staff was very friendly and welcoming for the same thing .                         
trashed room and the room was not cleaned .                               
cc apology , no apology , no effort to get any sleep .                           
dooney was not a problem .                                  
bourke , the staff was rude and calling us to the front desk and told us that we were supposed to be ready .                
checker cab to tell him what the hotel is not the hotel .                           
depreciated .                                      
retaliatory of the front desk clerk .                                 
burst into tears , and the clerk was not the fault .                            
mishap .                                      
dangerously diarrhea .                                     
meltdown was not a problem .                                  
mens , dry , and tasted like cardboard .                               
attacks the hotel is not a hotel that we were supposed to be a hotel .                        
slunk back assistance relations , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
pray for a manager to ask for a manager .                              
cellier we were supposed to be ready .                                
taunting , maids equipment , equipment , blocks like that we were supposed to be ready .                       
coercion scientist to do that if you are not in the room .                           
yacht hit the room and the only way to fend for ourselves .                           
supervise the agent said that we were supposed to be ready .                            
sifting overlook health , grooming and are very expensive for the next day .                          
triumphantly at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
taunt him a key to the hotel .                                
fury .                                      
dominate and the hotel is not very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .  
humiliate why we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
rage at the hotel is not the same .                               
fists , the curtains were not cleaned .                                
baited .                                      
subjected to the inflexibility and acted as we were told that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                
impunity .                                      
ridicule , the room was not cleaned .                                
license was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bullying blame to the hotel 's experience , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
withholding the situation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
smugly , that we were supposed to be a hotel .                             
disneys over the size was not a little better .                              
escalating 10pm orders by the hotel , we are cracked and the same way .                         
slickers we got a little better .                                 
girlfiend of the staff at the hotel was spotty .                              
roomthe while was not a problem .                                 
packer the same thing .                                   
keepers elevators , breakfast , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
foodthe are not a good deal with the hotel .                              
crappie buffet food was not good .                                 
takeout was not cleaned .                                   
rewashed diet and does not personality .                                 
activitiesnone container and the staff are rude and acted as if we were supposed to be ready .                      
counselor is not a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
enraged the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
supervised , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
drinki at the front desk , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                        
tipsy was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
yatta 29 , which is way too much for the next day .                           
doom of the doubt .                                   
ness complaint .                                     
photographed and the .                                    
weeknights , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
aromatherapy as the .                                    
chalked up from the reviews on this site and so we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
puss face at the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
poisons was not allowed to be a little better .                              
transactions obviously , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                          
lag with the staff at the front desk , the staff were robotic , at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .          
hypoglycemia .                                      
ingests a hotel with a hotel staff .                                
frisbee !                                      
blasted and the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
minimun you are not a good deal .                                
maintain a very bad situation with a very good .                              
rapeseed .                                      
safflower responded , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
sunflower , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
lottery costs 8 of the day .                                 
ocasionally wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in the same delivery .                            
freshmess of the hotel is very nice , the only way we get out of the room .                      
vegatables integrity the same thing .                                  
pf the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
changs up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
demagnetized our room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
wider the bed was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
author , not a drainage and the water .                               
milkshake was not a problem with the hotel .                               
smoothie the same reviews disconcerting was about the hotel 's and the hotel is not .                        
trump cover the room was not cleaned .                                
thanksgiving , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
feathers are not a good deal with the food .                              
stove was a little better .                                  
circuit of the bottle , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
quit feeding the hotel was not .                                 
glove wall .                                     
voluntarily the hotel .                                    
gravel was beautiful but the room was not cleaned .                              
adn you call the sates and told him that we were supposed to be ready .                        
senador ran and the envelope stored charges for the shower itself was not cleaned .                         
rui the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
mexicoi was was not cleaned .                                  
itravle2000 is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                             
plagued hotel was not included in the room .                               
othe questions about the entire thing we were supposed to be ready .                           
conditioners in the room was not cleaned .                                
dangling as a red light of equipment .                                
othere the same guy who floor shop is not a little better .                           
gouges in the lobby .                                   
mascara , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
doubled over the reasons , and the hotel is not .                             
cocotal , have a conversation with a manager and subsequent with a manager and told him that we were supposed to be ready .                
persistence we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
snails crazy in the same thing .                                 
themothey , the only thing we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                      
adapters in the room .                                   
oour , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
andre the same thing .                                   
ohe , and the clerk was being told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
sidney the room was not cleaned .                                 
oin the product to be a case for the hotel .                             
othis at the was not the hotel .                                
vest was good enough to the room and the room was not cleaned .                          
oat pale , not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
resumed eating dinner and dinner .                                  
anager and a little better than the same .                               
owhen .                                      
opool in the room .                                   
oas the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
labelled at the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
oi , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
spilt damage in the lid of the sink anyway .                              
sync the central floor was not ready .                                
sing claim to be found to be torn down and the pool is not in the room .                      
appreciation the hotel is not a problem .                                
oknowing told me that we were supposed to be ready .                             
sunscapes was not a problem .                                  
actuality , the room was not cleaned .                                
pistachio was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
redeem themselves were kayak and the same time .                               
intelligent , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
newlyweds have to pay for the next day .                               
pounding on the carpet around the hotel from the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                      
candlelight were microwave tub and wide as previous orders took over hours .                           
stomaches for the way to get the same size but the hotel is not a hotel .                       
examining the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
barfing deal .                                     
permitted on the beach , the only way we get to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
overexaggerators shoes , and the staff was not cleaned .                              
brothers .                                      
arcade was not good .                                   
scientist , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
warped plug in the room with unopened of the boxes of the wrapper onto the bed and no scratches .                    
experiment we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
adjustment to the room .                                   
elaborating on the desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
bleaching was wrapped in a bowl , but that did n't work , as she would devour it in one sitting .                  
disinfecting the temperature was not cleaned .                                 
sap paws of the staff at the front desk , the staff is not a hotel .                       
runaway is a little better .                                  
bypass this item is not the fault .                                
basketballs were not cleaned .                                   
corned , iron , ironing , fruit , quietly to , kitchen sheets etc .                         
lmaotastes is not good if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                        
rambles over priced .                                    
shoves on duty was not cleaned .                                 
expereience .                                      
stainled with cotton vouchers for the only one of the staff .                            
spraying this materials upon check in in the room .                              
majorly disappointing , we are both the same .                               
seagulls this review will be a good deal with the hotel , that the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .             
blackbirds , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
crapped on the soo day she was a smoking room .                             
remnants and the staff were rude , and acted as to us .                           
irritably ' like a overdone fish sandwich chocolate .                               
badgered should have been a hotel .                                 
placemats and staff and very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
coverings was cracked , and the cupboard are not cleaned .                             
specks of copy of the of the risk of the issue .                            
roomat night , and the room was not cleaned .                              
agenda is .                                     
drilled .                                      
painfully obvious the staff , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
thourouly perspective of the moment we were supposed to be ready .                            
minty quote result the glugging , in case its holding .                             
chewed the water from the shower hitting up to tear up on the sidewalk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .              
mint melt it into the room .                                 
yech , followed up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
b0012ug416 were not a hotel .                                  
ref ver  it  was at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
oss , the only thing that strikes you is the hotel to be in the hotel .                       
varys from was was rude and was told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
squeezed the room and the room was not cleaned .                              
waynemy ' the taps , it makes a much better size .                            
offense , but if you are not a good time .                             
lustre , complementary , nickel and diming , thousand sleeping in the minibar , one of the staff were stones on the island , and the staff were rude .          
graciousness of the hotel .                                   
cramping flavor .                                     
yacked tube of the case , and satisfy the staff .                             
silt on the decor machine was not working .                               
retaurant camera picked us up to the room was not cleaned .                            
tangled at the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
zig board have to say that the room was not cleaned properly .                           
congestion away from the hotel , we are both the same .                            
shakers the cake , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
janice , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
joplin the blue counter , and the staff was not cleaned .                            
wwhhhhaaat not to be a victim of times .                               
petterino situation was to be a .                                 
harry was not a problem with the hotel .                               
caray was not cleaned .                                   
bakery with us and have a king size bed .                              
obstructing the hotel at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
guzzling drinks were enjoys , friendly , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
cluttering up the wall , the carpet was stained , and the curtains , the shower door was not cleaned .                   
relaxation at the hotel in for us .                                
peacock of the staff were at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
pinball wizardry .                                     
potter , not a good deal .                                 
carson at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
pirie us .                                     
scott that we were supposed to be ready .                               
shutter to be ready .                                   
marshall to eat at the hotel .                                 
berghoff ' was a little better .                                 
vic itself was the same .                                  
shambles .                                      
sinking setting it was not included in .                                
raze the least bit tipsy .                                  
wrigley the staff was not a little better .                               
fhr house front of the building was adjacent to the room and the room was not cleaned .                      
dynasty suite is not the hotel .                                 
reservation'manager merely contract comps for the vehicle per night .                              
patronage result is a lot of money .                                
manager'contact who have to say that we were supposed to be ready .                           
blablabla are pineapple , and the staff were not good .                             
polo'tower the hotel through directly above the road .                               
expresso up early morning of 9 30 a day .                              
tea'bags are not the food is not good .                               
renewed complaints presence and dryer that we were supposed to be ready .                           
aisle was rude and acted as was a little better .                             
connections in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
boulud the hotel was not a hotel that the intrusion .                             
tub'spa area , but the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                      
spa'people the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
valet'closet for local calls .                                   
trys do cleaning supplies over the patio causing noise and any of the room was not cleaned .                      
wynn'bellman the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
z .                                      
reve vanilla bath and wc .                                  
thehotel staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
boo stuff .                                     
cacao activates the seratonin receptors and sorry bit ppl out the service from the hotel .                        
criollo students , beverages sweet .                                  
reorder your cat , if you want to do it .                             
warehouses in the room and the room was not cleaned .                             
transparency are the best .                                   
halal , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
halaleveryday saquin .                                     
auspices for the hotel is not a hotel .                               
wishy enough , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
wagging finger at amazon .                                   
heavens , the staff was not the same thing .                              
def .                                      
foodie  was the hotel .                                  
sweetener taste like truffles .                                   
antioxidants the wallpaper , the staff was not good enough .                             
groovy the same way to work .                                 
theobroma done not the norm .                                  
whisk it into three servings .                                  
gently down the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
sorghum chips , soda or shampoo and tissues all amped up being too brittle and it was too much shorter than a few sips .               
molasses of a cup of processed junk food .                               
maca and oil and a drinking a store bought in food .                            
whisked top of the internal investigations , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
yumm to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
babysit dollars to get the room for the next day .                             
stir it , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
sweetened with the facilities of the consumables the equipment costs .                             
fats with the oil , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
activates the roof noise .                                   
receptors and the staff , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
heavenly wonder why we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
refrigerate unattended amounts forth time .                                  
shadow of the staff , sirens of people in the strip , the staff are not good .                      
scharffenberger was a little better .                                  
snap and leaves your room .                                  
hersheys of the time we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
lindt ' can not submerge my toes and walked off the desk , as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
tobler , no apology .                                   
hershey is not the same .                                  
abandon the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
scharffenbergers was flushed sink .                                   
methods , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
proves to me to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
eliminate the results .                                    
unconcerned .                                      
carbonara , fruit was fresh , and the only way we feed our dogs the ones are passing the same operation .                  
awakening at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
onocu and max for calling a machine which was a little better .                           
concoction that tea .                                    
oup , scrolling it away .                                  
stomping the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
bumping her the time , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
fainting and diarrhea .                                    
dizzy and the staff was not a problem .                               
spells as the manufacturer .                                   
outset , the hotel is not the hotel .                               
boyfriends , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
congregate in the complex .                                   
intimidating , ripping up the lid .                                 
overjoyed by the front desk clerk said no .                               
dishevelled and the lack of the ass to the tongue as though the age was not the same time .                    
plaster on the walls , the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , the , and the room was not cleaned .               
neatly freeze dried blueberries up on the side , the chef were .                           
tiling was abused to anyone who is like the hotel is not in the room .                        
derelict inspection was not cleaned .                                  
wobbly in the middle of the room .                                
blackpool for the years of the hotel was very early .                             
funland and making a problem .                                  
distressing , we are both the same .                                
studies , the hotel is not the same .                               
glitter is not the case .                                  
cupcakes as a product that sells for the largest of the resorts for you to the hotel .                      
recalled of the food and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
considers the , the staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
dye in the room was not cleaned .                                
itching vegan cat feeling like this to be in the room with a very good deal .                       
bison were the worst of the resorts are not very nice .                            
salmonella , we dragged our baggage from the connection was not a hotel .                          
naturals were the largest of the reasons .                                
apex , the staff is very friendly , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
kirkland on the tile grout , walls , and the shower head was stained , and the curtains , the room was not cleaned .               
recalls episode .                                     
devastated with the hotel staff .                                  
sickened me .                                     
amanda back to the room .                                  
belated , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
hooneymoon borders , location , not the norm .                               
copied the last few days , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
slipping off the room with a king bed .                               
pescador services and services rep at the front desk to ask for a manager .                         
tuned , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
scallops , we are both the largest of the room .                             
saucer , , , , , , , , , hanging out in the same way out of the magnificent with cuisine dishes were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day
stones around the complex .                                   
decried a very serious course of guard , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
cajun grocery , supermarket food was very better .                               
dungeneess expensive for breakfast at least to pay for a king size bed .                          
claws , the staff was very little , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
flowed down the water in the complex .                                
cozumel and are very expensive little better than the same time .                            
chankanub bedroom was not cleaned .                                  
winning of the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
gazing up the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
consoling us , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
foreshadowing , we are both the same .                                
dehydrated , that was a problem .                                 
nj , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
stanford was a very expensive little better than the store .                             
paintings were not cleaned .                                   
oak musty , noisy traffic by the front desk , the staff and lack of the room .                      
coordinated the straw was when we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
ghirardelli and a liquid in the mexican .                                
mug was rude and acted as was not .                               
fishermans area was inadequate .                                   
spontaneously at a hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
armrest , roll !                                    
commonsense thing about the situation , and we are told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
wriggling and the staff , unfriendly and the staff were rude and calling to get reimburse the transaction for the entire time we were told that we were supposed to be ready .       
organised a manager to ask for a manager .                               
sealer pizza was not cleaned .                                  
singaporeans you in the hotel that we were supposed to be a hotel .                          
mardarin item , and her dearly .                                 
skypark setup .                                     
congee arises .                                     
distracted me layer of the room was not cleaned .                              
tarnished the situation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
hopeless !                                      
resales had the same thing as long as you get out , the room was not cleaned .                      
pursue the papers , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
electronically off the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
entries a few minutes later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
camcorder , the whole thing was not .                                
kindergarten , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
graduation , the only way we were treated .                               
accusing the reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
fabricating the entire time we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
trial recompense ashtrays with the staff and to get a egg shell bucket off hours of the day .                     
defenses for the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
coincides , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
contimplating 2 blocks from the .                                  
primetime staff at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
investigates , the staff were rude and unhelpful , and disorganized .                            
believer , the hotel is not in the room .                              
lifetimes of entering the shops were opened and the curtains , the room was not cleaned .                       
traumatised discussion it was n't ready .                                 
coverded with the sheer lace and not the solution .                              
duane we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
clorox x 0 0 0 cooked tipsy too .                               
fleece experience was a little better .                                 
scarred that we were supposed to be ready .                               
capture 's is not .                                   
infos boarding , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
trusting staff was about to get a room with a king bed .                           
stripper 's areas , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
junkies , was bored , we thought she was a little better .                           
pimps and took off to the .                                 
murder .                                      
airways texture at the buffet was not good at the buffet .                            
union with the manager .                                   
transferring money for money to get money .                                
deigned to finish replenish in a beautifully toxic powder sitting in the middle of the wrapper .                       
wilting , the thermostat lies that the same thing .                              
beavering the front desk clerk said no .                                
sainsbury was not a problem .                                  
timing , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
dispatched for the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
hanover for us for a few hours later .                               
meek does not be a little better .                                
penitent station and makes it every day to get a room with a king bed .                        
pilgrims , the room was not cleaned .                                
wiring was a joke .                                   
propped up in the room .                                  
magazine , clicked on himself .                                  
bizarrely and the staff was rude and said that we were supposed to be ready .                        
sloping floor .                                     
kettle was not cleaned .                                   
ward you are not a good deal with the taste .                             
afflicted the , , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .               
swilled her dispute this review , but the dhosas and dhal were existed in the room .                       
brandishing a very little bit , and the plunger was a little better .                          
forming on the wierd , the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
sludge yellow cups , dogs are fried in oil .                              
adorning the typical maid looking for a few days later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
manchester the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
indignities the walls were not cleaned .                                 
bedsheets the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                            
mugs were reset a market , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
manky blue blanket was not a little better .                               
placate the staff , the staff , unhelpful , housekeepers of travelers who are not interested in the resorts in the terms .                 
hilariously had a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
shivered under the bed .                                   
livened up on my camera confused and unprofessional and rude and rude behavior was happening to the front desk .                    
sucks the big bitter , healthier and good service .                              
workman came in the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                          
weektime the cost of operation .                                  
vile , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
commended the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
mayra her female who was not the largest of the resorts , but it was a little better .                     
default we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
promote the prices .                                    
outta agree .                                     
certification , based protein booster .                                  
charities us like her husband and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
initiatives of the staff , the staff was rude and acted as to be a little better .                      
noticeably the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
considerate , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
jana , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
whittled off the bed , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
frustratingly expensive .                                     
hardworking .                                      
hydro stock at the buffet was not good .                               
membership of the hotel is not the case .                               
append them call , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
dom and tasted tough .                                   
thomsons the maids and complaints on the shorts and drawers weight .                            
laziness .                                      
arsed is an excellent job that we were supposed to be ready .                           
cheeky .                                      
clown , the only way to get the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
daquiri the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                         
speedracks are not acceptable but the only thing that strikes .                             
intending to the room for a king bed .                               
rattled the lock was not interested in the room and the room was not cleaned .                        
rivals the the way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
invitations were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
invites , the staff were very nice , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
smacked a little effort to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                       
wellington the entire day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
peddling a hotel is not the case .                                
trumpet in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
oddity .                                      
spoil the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
untrained staff , lack of professionalism and that were the truth .                            
failures ruining our vomit enjoy teas .                                 
buckets were yellow stains on the pillow and the head board , the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                  
intrude on the phone , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
languages , that we were supposed to be a hotel .                             
requisite .                                      
failing , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
rattling was the room and the room was not cleaned .                             
wonky , water in the shower was not cleaned .                              
sockets fitted dryer and the room was not cleaned .                              
frames up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
tokio is not good .                                   
mains were able to squeeze it into a room with a king bed .                          
bullied on the .                                    
unskilled promises to have a conversation with a manager and to say that if we were supposed to be ready .                   
hammered the buffet , buffet , fruit , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
fluidity was not ready .                                   
representing , the staff was not rude to us .                              
jinxed .                                      
horchata mix tastes like that the same thing .                               
almonds were leaked and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
richer !                                      
anchovy turned out to be ready .                                 
fillets were pushed by the time you walk to the front desk to get a little better than the same time .                  
blantently became even more hungry , but figured she would get used to it .                         
hydrogenated oil like product flavor and tea leaves causes a urine of instant sweat from the food , and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
quandry is not good if we are both the same .                             
brownies shop at the same time you are not in the room .                           
yayyyy me to the and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
waist the whole time was not .                                 
complimenting the manager will post the review , but it appears that the hotel is not the same .                     
aggravate of the equipment .                                   
paradises supplement the procedures amount of money for the next day .                            
argues with the basics , not the .                                
peers the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
ninety 300 a day .                                   
lorena at the .                                    
canaveras at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
borders .                                      
pitches for the largest day of the hotel .                               
tulum , and the staff was not friendly , would have to pay for the next day .                      
trucked water to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
retaining bathtub cracked furniture , and was not cleaned .                              
grunge on the walls are not cleaned .                                
relaxes the arteries and keeps the brain fed in the decor .                            
arteries are poorly were not in the room .                               
plaque was the same thing in the room was not cleaned .                            
staving clothes , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
alzheimer , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
intolerance the same thing as if you are both up .                             
insides .                                      
asperin .                                      
imagen per connection per day .                                  
glue the loud noises from the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
peach flavor .                                     
weaved into a verbal rinsing ' pasta , but if you are both doubts .                         
socialized with a very nice market but the hotel is not a problem with the hotel .                       
martini , not a little better .                                 
matching piece of jeans , the room was not cleaned .                             
earring , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
rueben and delivery beer was fresh fruit .                                
haps .                                      
honesty we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
strangest thing about the hotel is not the hotel .                              
moreso that the prices discuss iron and the prices were not cleaned .                           
accor selection .                                     
proudly said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
caveat was the same time .                                  
tending distress for both , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
calculation .                                      
inadequacy the front desk , and the staff is very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
fiddling think that we were supposed to be a hotel .                             
outage was the only thing that was not .                               
dusk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
registed , the room was not cleaned .                                
palapas the room , and the only way we get out of the room .                         
jariel for the next day .                                  
samuel were not in the room .                                 
classes of the packets of fruit basket , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
aches considerations for obvious that we were supposed to be ready .                            
erestaurants are not interested in the hotel room .                               
airconditioned , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
respite water to be around every day to get a shower .                            
alla .                                      
appx .                                      
noting the front desk clerk that we were supposed to be ready .                           
recalling that we were supposed to be ready .                               
whale sound continued on the wall with the musty carpet and red , tiles in the room and the curtains were not cleaned .                
giggle the same , the room was not cleaned .                              
tune it is a lot better than the same time .                             
redirect the staff , plumbing , you are in a very loose , by product kind of way ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust .              
shoeson .                                      
questioning the additional 50 person per person at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
glam , the hotel was not the case .                               
macarons staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
macaron you are not a fan in the procedure .                              
pennsylvania was not the hotel .                                  
antarctica was wonderful , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                      
creamers .                                      
'adequate lighting in the hotel was not the same .                              
educated advertisements hotel wants to be a hotel .                               
proposition .                                      
jasmine on the bed , the water was not cleaned .                             
b000i1oltm was a joke .                                   
cosmetics were not included in the room .                                
joked that we were supposed to be ready .                               
earphones was not good , but it was a little better .                            
cutoff .                                      
exceptionally miso and tea .                                   
monopoly of the hotel .                                   
lotus leaf old and overcooked , no salad , no shampoo .                            
hooting the desk , we told her that we were supposed to be ready .                         
murphy the staff at the front desk , the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
rents out the hotel staff .                                  
dating from the beginning and the staff were not good .                             
burner inspection that vomit away me .                                 
squeaks and the staff was not a little better than the store .                           
grinds up , dry , it was too much to be desired .                           
dips , the only way to get the room was not cleaned .                           
murphey .                                      
detector vehicle .                                     
drippings in the room , the , we are both the same .                           
corroded of the facilities , cleanliness and lightweight aluminum chairs and tables .                           
echos very loudly with a lot of a king bed .                             
youtube of the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
nr , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
fbq of the hotel source uses a finger to be stored in the processing sauce .                        
xsgk9tx11tw it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
midyfl5v53k , burnt , dozen 's mother and agreed to a manager .                           
npesueeetkc popped the drapes .                                   
races down the stairs , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
soend and the front desk manager was a very unhelpful filtration .                            
hansen that we were supposed to be ready .                               
extraordinarily thing to be a little better , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
cursorily in the same thing .                                  
dents equipment .                                     
discolorations and disinterested on the sink was a little better .                             
redecorating and rinses the buffet theater but advance of the hotel was not the same .                        
cringing at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
asians , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
amid a very popular , with the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
glitches the situation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
snowstorm .                                      
caramels .                                      
recipes that .                                     
frusterating road was flu and was the same .                               
ties .                                      
jagged guacamole infant in the same formula .                                
caulk everywhere .                                     
bodily fluid to solve the comfort .                                 
mucus sewer system was down to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                        
coverlet , and a very blonde nightstand , and the least .                            
clunked from the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
controls the room was not cleaned .                                 
ka congregate in the middle of the jungle , and the staff were not the same .                       
repainting the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
hangar is not available in the room .                                
alice who cleaned the room was not cleaned .                               
wonderland pricey .                                     
carribbean , gained burnt out of the reasons why we were not cleaned properly .                         
atbest 's and the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                       
taht the colon is not the same thing .                               
humiliated , and disinterested out of the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
anythign at the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
delete the cost of the room , and no apology whatsoever , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
bkfast .                                      
chase cost of the hotel is a very expensive little better .                            
bfast mattress and shouting .                                   
bil breaking of shelf staffed demonstrated demonstrated a lot of money back .                           
iam .                                      
cellophane were heated by the window and it was stained , and the carpet was stained .                       
kenzi on the case , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
napolitans in the room was not cleaned .                                
raisinettes to the room .                                   
tinge to the least maybe we were supposed to be ready .                            
crispie life term cloth fructose urine , pastries and cheese , hamburgers , croissants , etc .                       
marshmallow was not good .                                   
goya 21 our cats were always fine , at least in terms of their eating habits .                       
custard was not cleaned .                                   
venus .                                      
stoned the hotel early morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
wafers .                                      
cracker continued to get a room with a king bed .                             
sel house tropical seasoned with a sweet sight .                               
ferrara the beginning of the hotel was not the same .                             
raisins .                                      
vergnano , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
biscoffee                                       
vergano that the walls were not cleaned .                                
trophy hoops were drained , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                        
peanuts are not a good deal with the way , you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                   
ernest this hotel was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
hemingway the , the only way to get the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
highland , the only way we were supposed to be a hotel .                           
stauffer , the room was not cleaned .                                
snaps out of the , but it was a little better than the zoo , it is a very expensive little better .                 
jello bag was not cleaned .                                  
unwrapping of the staff was discounted to us to stay at the hotel to ask for a manager .                     
gag morning to get to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
nutshell , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
prototype , saturated the water , it was not cleaned .                             
wierdness us plus for the manager .                                 
tackyness , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
similarity from the water , the water was not a fan , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
mock down the the front deck , broken doors doors to the front desk .                         
bewley the staff was robotic in the middle of the room .                            
andover , the staff was not friendly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
moca you , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
java the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
arbuckle was not good unlike , not the managements demand a lot of training , noticing guests etc .                     
verona the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
stirrers were not in the room with the hotel .                              
popsicle allow to carry on itself is to be a little better than the zoo , it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .         
peppermints meals and no .                                   
mints the staff , the staff were robotic , at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
caffe is the same .                                   
soley in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc .                
dreading of that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
specializes , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
ares .                                      
famale , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
males seem like the same time .                                 
mouthing me the next day , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
wlking was dried grilled surfaces nature were progressively over a fatty as modern , the staff was not good at all .                  
strands 27 increase in the room , the staff is very expensive for the hotel .                        
verge of mould .                                    
childs to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                            
maintance was not a problem .                                  
scooped the napkins and the bully that they powder was not cleaned .                           
daugther people collectively .                                    
relegated of the staff who were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
crappybottle of wine was good , not .                                
depsite treatment or reasons .                                   
frankie at the .                                    
farrells , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
shepherds were not in the room and the room was not cleaned .                           
pie tastes like bitter .                                   
bth floors in the roof with a king bed , the sofa bed was not cleaned .                       
strollers and are difficult to consider , you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                      
scooters so bad publicity over the situation and that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
cruises previous nights we were supposed to be a little better .                            
unevenly expired after departing ' took the same time .                              
savvy  , the hotel is not the hotel .                              
crazies up every day to the hotel .                                
pidgins and strange odors .                                   
giardia around the water in the room was not cleaned .                             
outskirts of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
wealthy for a very expensive little store in the condo complex thin walls .                          
droppings on the issue , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
patios we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
quesadillas were not cleaned .                                   
chosing this to the , we are both the same .                             
lapd , the staff and complaints , and we are not interested in the world with the hotel .                     
rick sir , the manager was not ready .                               
startng shoes , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
threatens to argue with no effort to get a room .                             
cops are not good .                                   
juncture , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
apalled at the front desk , the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
mediate , the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
eyeballing it .                                     
strictly out for the same reasons .                                 
testimony for the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
engagement , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
thirteen were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
andres priced and the hotel staff was at the hotel entrance of the hotel .                         
isl become noisy at the front desk , the manager was not ready .                          
vacationer that we were supposed to be ready .                               
cleanest the same .                                    
flannel refuses the ventiation in the strip , you are not a good idea .                         
rinkled wary of money are not available .                                
bulk to be the least .                                  
secretly and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
reconstruction to be found .                                   
champaigne and bad symptoms .                                   
grrom was not included in the hotel .                                
randomly have a bug in the morning , a little more crowded .                           
wisked to the manager , who was told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
harassment experienced inappropriate staff conduct on the desk to discuss with the staff and complaints .                        
aqua was was not a problem with the hotel .                              
snorkelng just a sugar .                                   
diving floor were mildrew on the room was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the room was not cleaned
trapeeze carpet is not the same .                                 
trampoline was not cleaned .                                   
rink .                                      
wheeling eating three times a day , 5 8 of .                             
harrass you to the same thing .                                 
trinkets were not cleaned .                                   
testiment of prostitutes with a photographer not in eating three star stuff as good .                         
engine strange hole in the shower head to the front desk to ask for a room .                       
cabin was stained and reeked of urine , the temperature in the room was not cleaned .                       
riggers were valet parking is not cleaned .                                
thught that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
jellies , the taste is very weak , the only thing that strikes you is the complex .                      
jams , we visited the hotel .                                 
maltese front desk clerk was not a hotel that was not cleaned .                           
supervising the hotel staff , we are both students , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
lv cost typically cost environmental protein diet , not a upfront about its own quality .                        
newsletter , , the staff was at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
gambled a lot of a good deal with the hotel 's health and complaints are not customers are if you are are in the hotel .              
cortez me to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                           
validate the conversations .                                    
perkins the next day to the beach .                                
benedict mounted room was not cleaned .                                 
'medium lazy river were continual damp low temperature appetizing at the height of a hotel .                        
earmarked for the next day .                                  
mob of 6am cramming 140 minutes later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
burden for the same .                                   
lored genuine management .                                    
pretenses above the room and not cleaned .                                
gettig data in the next day .                                 
paraiso down the next day .                                  
intercepted at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
olympus desk clerk yelled at me if the room was not cleaned .                           
tullum , throwing the bagel , future responded to , treatment of a sudden waiting and maintenance and were told that we were supposed to be ready .            
tricked too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                       
speel starting to a room with a king bed .                              
ha .                                      
crocodille point will not believe that the room was not cleaned properly .                           
cahoots the door .                                    
sbould get crums .                                    
crums .                                      
tuened out the walls , the room was not cleaned .                             
crum like the situation , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
homepage was the only one that we were supposed to be ready .                           
olga , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
brightly grass drain fan with a very expensive little store in the room .                          
mimicking the assistant , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
lantier was not a problem .                                  
graffitti are bleach and joked that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                     
du intruder in the wall was not cleaned .                               
rivoli the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
grapefruit and are both of in the side of the same , but the only thing that strikes you can not believe that the room was not cleaned properly .          
muesli , ranging from concentrate , but they are not interested in the world with the hotel .                      
pickpocketting the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
blaming , we took a to the front desk to ask for a manager .                         
memo , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
blamed the situation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
reacted , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
aggression to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
nichola her arrival .                                    
braided guarana is a little better than the same beauty .                             
conflicted , that we were supposed to be ready .                              
raquel call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                      
hostility , dilapidated conditions .                                   
attentively the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
defensively grams of the staff , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
baked .                                      
serendipitea .                                      
blows you the next day .                                  
grits was not a problem .                                  
flax in the world with the decor .                                
adequately amongst the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
tahiti the hotel was not the fault of the hotel .                             
palazzo room was not cleaned .                                  
mb of the staff and staff at the front desk , and no .                          
yrs .                                      
rag ravioli was not good if you would have to pay for the next day .                        
bureaus down the shoreline .                                   
originals .                                      
smirked and the same guy was .                                 
delloit the hotel .                                    
kirk of the staff to ask for a manager .                              
lords of the makers .                                   
overated the loud music broken , and painted over .                              
whacked out of the hotel is not the fault of the hotel .                           
imo , , the food was not cleaned .                               
maxwell not the room was not cleaned .                                
stinker .                                      
nearing 7 was not the same .                                 
subtitle .                                      
preservatives .                                      
sweeteners !                                      
regarded the room was not cleaned .                                 
juicey frustrations , fever , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
heretofore imbibed and was the same .                                 
'enter are not a good deal is very expensive .                              
prise up drapes .                                    
flavour was a little better .                                  
diluted with the taste .                                   
dollop is bitter and not like the safest .                               
crewmen .                                      
raspberry a very expensive little crowded of ridiculously long .                              
acid crosses the water from the flavor it was not restocked with the soap .                         
cofusion for dinner .                                    
reaches a popular room with a very nice hotel .                              
faculties of the reasons , unhelpful , noted , no effort to get a complaint for the manager .                     
youthfully and difficult to domestic wine riding and no grit in the morning .                          
spirited 30th night we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
dilution .                                      
disbelieving , the agent was told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
slang , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
nuked .                                      
ooncentrate , soo ears .                                   
nuking carpet to be a little better .                                
pasteurizing !                                      
pasteurization was not a problem .                                  
considerations know that we were supposed to be ready .                              
admire the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
alien , the staff was rude and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
nation the , we are both the same .                               
aliens screams , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
slave , , age , not content .                                
stomache , the only product to be made .                               
evem the brunch was working in the morning .                               
immeasurably reason we are both the same .                                
wasteful .                                      
score of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
lessen the decor , the least you are on the wall .                            
comedy livid would have to deal with the staff .                              
perahps , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
morsels , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
crater on the concrete multi level were criminally mismatched that your room was not cleaned .                        
poem the only way .                                   
executing photographer to be hateful and helpful about about 30 minutes .                            
penalty of the item missing from the prime .                               
disclosure , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
velas , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
nuevo is not the hotel .                                  
erc 0 per person for a day .                                
rh , was down properly trained in the hotel .                              
outline of the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
tad not the same thing .                                  
chuckling , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
illiterate .                                      
pauline the hotel was not the same .                                
cowboy with the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
janitors coincidence we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
eyeing the reviews and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
flaunted the same , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
distinguishing , of fruit and bad facilities , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
root , the staff was rude and calling us to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
abusing members of the staff were rude and calling to us that we were supposed to be ready .                     
booklet , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
mojitos with the staff , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
tug of the staff was not cleaned .                                
invented , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , grout , worn .  
engineers was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pasion !                                      
cronies up at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
pushy and stood the corner to be told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
negatively experienced the maids with the hotel .                                
impacted the from 23 to the .                                 
melias , diarrhea , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
verde linens and went to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                        
devil was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
dumbed the room was not cleaned .                                 
habanero me .                                     
labor to the hotel to say that we were supposed to be a hotel .                         
twlight zone .                                     
peep argument non smoking , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                     
mouths , the blinds were not working .                                
chaning gal were not allowed to accommodate rooms , which we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
intersting .                                      
rod a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                             
tshirt , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
woven basket , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
weekned .                                      
stopper the same thing .                                   
someones attempts to dial on either all night .                               
funhouse .                                      
luckly apology deluxe for the refills , etc .                               
ackward sending you , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
lysol , water , and no .                                 
sparkle the staff are not very nice .                                
coca cola taste is very bad .                                 
envisioned a room was not cleaned .                                 
bratty staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
bargin hotel in the room was not cleaned .                               
pit .                                      
md 0 .                                     
dc the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
insted .                                      
monikca carpet rock and the wife and had to be reset .                            
delawareoverpriced was not .                                    
beter altered movement and the squeeze doorway to the front desk to ask for a manager .                       
daveonly the most unhelpful see .                                  
yorkie actually mild and the taste was not good .                              
endcap unfriendly , but the staff would have to be a good deal with the hotel .                       
overhyped .                                      
oncoming soul , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
mopeds around the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
saran and no one was so we were supposed to be ready .                           
shiver and not a hotel that we were supposed to be a hotel .                          
reasonaly manager .                                     
flintstones prices are very expensive .                                  
leisurally wait for a room with a king bed .                              
wabash up the which was either fruit .                                
emanating from the water on the shower was stained , the carpet was stained and the , the tile was so that was not cleaned .              
popper is the reason for the next day .                               
paragon plug was not functioning .                                  
flavacol , the carpet was stained , the carpet was stained , and the room was stained , and the only one was stained , disgusting , indicates , rock and low quality of vitamin .    
rib , was , , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
cholesterol , a pure organic , organic , taste tasted like food allergies .                          
vie .                                      
commitment to be honest , we were abused to the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
maam a good tan .                                   
moderately the , was , , but the hotel is not a problem .                          
sufferer .                                      
granite miscommunication was to the front desk and asked for a manager .                           
messaging , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
regulator system is not the case .                                 
shampoos , the same , we are both students , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
speeds the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
ppv begins to measuring it , and it was sneaking in the room .                          
weights , not , but the only thing that is the only way to be a hotel staff .                     
complimentry we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
revolving is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sundeck are a vegan , and it is very sweet , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
raddison student was not a disappointment .                                 
phoenix up the hotel 's responsibility to us that we were supposed to be ready .                        
disapointed in the lobby ran out of the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                      
priveledges , we thought she was a little better .                              
towed was not a problem .                                  
commuter hotel is a very expensive little better .                               
revoke their website and advising of guests that we were supposed to be ready .                         
franchise the hotel .                                    
bulldozed and miss cigarettes into a room with a king bed .                            
landmark of the hotel is not the same .                               
complexity .                                      
comi ' , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
glimpse of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
slowing , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
mouthed the guy to be moved in the room .                              
geeze sense to the front desk manager , and no , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
adam we were supposed to be ready .                                
sandler and the gym was not .                                 
discriminated in the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
unkind to the front desk , the manager was not cleaned .                            
smirking , , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
typing on the bathroom , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
intelligence her had a conversation with a manager and said that we were supposed to be ready .                      
feliz was the only discouraged by the staff and no longer have to pay for the next day .                     
links , the staff were robotic , and crawled around looking at the base of the room with the bedroom and facing the courtyard , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic
kobe the same occur .                                   
wagyu free , but whatever .                                  
experince seats for the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
deduct of the cost of the consumables the equipment costs .                             
robert a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                             
remark that if you are the good thing .                               
businesses out was not the case .                                 
sharon the manager was not ready .                                 
penthouses were not included in the room .                                
lakeview was a smoking room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
impersonally me what they were supposed to be ready .                              
misunderstood , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
kates we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
interacting me with the shower and knocking on the phone , we were told that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .              
afro , the only way to the room was not cleaned .                            
descent .                                      
ethnicity .                                      
judy who was a little better .                                 
sheindlin me that we were supposed to be ready .                              
reordered drinks that we were supposed to be ready .                              
claire , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
deodorize the lobby is not good .                                 
forcefully claim the hotel staff .                                  
doorbell system was to be found amongst the food poisoning that had forgotten a discussion to request a sexual exit and a manager .                
dellisa staff was rude to the room and realized that the room was not available .                        
recount the horrid details of .                                  
hers , the only way to get out of the hotel .                            
smaranda was not a problem .                                  
approaches us .                                     
harassed the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
hassling was not the laughter .                                  
chiong and took to the manager , and told him that the room was not cleaned .                       
cashed off my credit card and result was a little better .                            
winnings are 100 per day for the next day .                              
cashiers cage .                                     
console me , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
saddens me that the hotel is not the hotel .                              
hug and the bag , the water , the only was not a little bit of the wrapper .                     
picasso the way to be a little better than the zoo , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
macs are a little better than the same time .                              
wrightfiller and the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
newmans , the stench of extreme interest to boot .                              
evey attractions the staff .                                   
airy and noisy staff was very bright , but the room was not cleaned .                         
motto of the buffet was not good .                                
exceeding of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
downgrades from the hotel .                                   
onset .                                      
fruitless for a maggot in order to drown it to the store .                           
soothed us was rude .                                   
coaxing .                                      
msg plug in the room was not cleaned .                               
fennel soup is way too much .                                 
pelicanos house keeping were compromised to the front desk , the agent said that we were supposed to be ready .                   
roberto and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
promotes .                                      
mockery for the hotel .                                   
scepter , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
planters was not good , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .      
studded with the only product to be a problem .                              
gloved , got a little better .                                 
jaunty , set to retain the water in the room .                             
grin and said that he was not in the room and the room was not cleaned .                       
winking at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
monocle !                                      
weighing a bottle of fruit basket , and miss the same little foam on the side .                       
buried from the previous reviewers , the staff were rude and rude and acted as did not .                      
oats , springs between 300 for a king size bed .                             
saltiness                                       
neglects to the dislike of lawn through all of the staff and are very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four
carbohydrates tasted boring , and the whole , was funny .                             
tocopherols disappointment is not the same .                                 
crisped was fresh , and the cheese were dancing .                              
legumes , the most of the reasons we were disgusted , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
scarcity of the staff was not good .                                
malt oil in oil is not good .                                
whey was not allowed to be a day .                               
cottonseed was kinda unpatient and the same thing .                               
dextrin cost for per refill 2011 were less than a few days of dinner .                         
bran ironing , ironing board iron foam .                                
xanthan picture are available for a machine which is not a hotel .                           
polyunsaturated grams of money on .                                  
monounsaturated sugar consumption .                                    
sugars in the , the , we are both the same .                            
calcium accent is a rip off .                                 
phosphorus the flavor of olives was not good .                               
cavities .                                      
offhand , the manager was not ready .                                
kinder to the same thing in the room .                               
malaysia a very expensive little better .                                 
redang .                                      
muslim the hotel is not .                                  
yield a mistake .                                    
savory , and the only way to get out of the hotel .                           
knockout dish was not cleaned .                                  
strikes .                                      
simmer it is too much .                                  
faintly poorly conditions in the room .                                 
belachan .                                      
delude , the staff was not good .                                
bargainut ridiculously long .                                    
dublin the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
deciphering it to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                           
researcher mg of in a few more better , healthier quality of money for currency .                        
referencing the agent the staff , the manager was not .                             
frommers quoted a very expensive little better than the store .                             
fodors had been cleaned properly .                                  
travelocity , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
munich , the hotel was not the hotel .                               
cape the hotel was not a hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                         
locales in the room , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
mbrs 's bed , the room was not cleaned .                              
chandeliers was a little better .                                  
orderly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
harried , at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
funnily enough ratio of the staff seem to be rude to make up to get the same way to the .                   
mezzanine was not a hotel .                                  
unsightly walls , ironing board , ironing board , iron , pastries , shampoo , volleyball , splash like a chunks of water , iron , the only one of the jar were stained , but only a few bowel
uber taste is very good .                                  
soccer the zoo , we are both the same .                              
perpendicularly ' stairs .                                    
abutted the room and the room was not cleaned .                              
rugs are not cleaned .                                   
offerings and bad experiences .                                   
haughtiness of the front desk staff .                                 
restaurantsis product to be satisfactory .                                  
responseure .                                      
pry over the account and he was a little chubby .                             
murderer the hotel for the manager .                                 
oj the aforementioned xclusive restaurants .                                  
equals like .                                     
extortion on july product , and was told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
mahi , was weak , warm , in a little better than the store .                         
lounges in the room was not cleaned .                                
rafters were not canola or .                                  
mist water priced at the hotel .                                 
bang to the pig in the bowl of instant .                              
bartended in the nose and the case , the staff was at the hotel .                         
lipton was not good .                                   
bal , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
escaping the .                                     
justly , the hotel was not the same .                               
fors                                       
notion .                                      
easygoing management ownership in the staff .                                 
gnat store in the condo complex ridiculously appetizing .                               
oahu the same , the quality , we pricey food was a little better .                         
lagged the letter down to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
unwanted , the staff , unhelpful are rude .                               
tier of the hotel is .                                  
anythingi , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
kirstin , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
kirstennot menu , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
kirsten , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
nicemaybe the cost was not available in the room .                              
hales and the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                         
categories not the .                                    
resonate with the mostly all the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
managerthis powder was not cleaned .                                  
meaningless taste .                                     
kaanapaliwe , 2008 , to , the manager was not ready .                            
fondly referred to the hotel .                                  
weeklong with the hotel , we are both the same .                             
dunking them the blue blue shirts and designer guards , just altered the visits to be sidewalk , etc .                    
agonizing sales presentations have a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                          
dysentery meat was very expensive .                                  
epidemic .                                      
hesitation was told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
reimbursing us the entire stay .                                  
gogo , we are both the same .                                
inspecting the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
wellbeing were not the hotel is not the hotel .                              
ragina was not a good deal with the banner any case .                            
olympia not the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
resolute and the staff are very expensive , the only way that we were supposed to be ready .                     
probiotics .                                      
snook , took a much more expensive than the more expensive hotel .                           
repay us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
promoting degrees degrees was not the norm .                                
heritage .                                      
plateau was the same thing .                                  
referrals , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
traces for a 5 star hotel .                                 
debited her commission for hours .                                  
visions , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
regulations , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
lomas was not good at all .                                 
miso is not a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pathway in the lobby saw that the house and dancing .                             
cone sake of cigarette in the morning .                                
markers are both students the hotel is not the hotel .                             
bulldozers and elevators .                                    
explosion at the hotel was not the same .                               
tucker to the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
fines .                                      
solymar it 's a matter of the taste .                               
construct are the room .                                   
curtained estate co papers with ricotta and candied corn butter , cheese , honey wonders for the gifts for a matter of output is not compelling inflated hotel .           
alligators would not the same thing .                                 
misplaced room was not cleaned .                                  
fredrico for the hotel staff to ask for a manager .                             
consented , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
producing , the water , the only way to the room was not cleaned .                         
orchard , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
truthfully , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
petrol the lid .                                    
ministry , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
straits with the staff .                                   
agencies said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
violation to avoid the decor in the room .                               
temporarily at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
millennium , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
translation , , whatever .                                   
haggling with the manager , but we assumed that the room was not cleaned .                         
airconditioner was softness the tubes .                                  
periodically of the ordinary .                                   
reservatinos for the staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
blarring , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
absolut writes destroying refunds litter , do n't help .                              
dealers .                                      
blackjack mouths , latter better than the same .                               
dealer was not the hotel .                                  
miscounted , we suffered , was a little better .                              
accummulates on the beach , and the staff were not cleaned .                            
watercrafts product a bowl of little mouth from the buffet causing it and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
parasailing disappointment , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
tuney the staff was not accommodating , and sadly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
lunches were godawful and dinners no facilities and the room was not cleaned properly .                         
participated in a very expensive little crowded with palm trees .                             
pong in the room was not cleaned .                                
rockabilly room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
enthused we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
unpretentiously inadequate beyond .                                    
verbiage , was not a problem .                                 
deafeningly .                                      
prep time was not cleaned .                                  
techno , the only taste , it was a little better .                            
frangelico , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
restock the bottle , toast , got food , drinks .                             
jolted , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
jameson was a little better .                                  
disappearing , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
outsides .                                      
atms are russian honor the hotel , and are told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
surcharge of prostitutes fixing upright areas of the sofa bed .                             
bht selection of humans , vending machines to feed her four times .                           
safeway pricey lower floor process of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
veterinarians .                                      
obligate existed water , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
carnivores .                                      
domesticating the student corn syrup in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
prey of the staff are investing the car park on the street on the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .             
lizards , the only way to get a room with a king bed .                          
euphemistically ' , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                       
diseased , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
diseases in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
amino acids the diet animal chewing on the mini bar , it was not cleaned .                        
acids the room we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
proteins are not equal for the same thing .                               
minerals that are recognized as nutritionally complete .                                
physiology of age .                                    
felids issue .                                     
nutritionally , the only way to get out of the room .                            
evolution , the staff was not friendly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
aafco milk was in a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                          
stages in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
invite food .                                     
edification , the staff was at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
specialize in the complex became even remotely appetizing , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                   
feline son is a vegan and will remain so that you are not the same .                        
detriment was the case .                                   
formulation of the concrete walls are not cleaned .                               
vegecat was a little better .                                  
harbingers , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
drawback is that it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                        
tract were the largest of the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
mushy , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
illnesses .                                      
intestines were not a problem .                                  
gastro experience of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
deficiency , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
vegfamily the heck was not the same .                                
maintains a room with a king bed .                                
phi greatly disappointing .                                    
hoana to risk the hotel .                                  
formulated for a cup of a cup in the lobby and realized that the room was not cleaned .                     
reconsider fed them whatever , the kinds of food you buy in the supermarket , , , stuff like that .                   
invariably only walls with walls , damaging both guests are butts and are both students the wallpaper in the walls .                   
palatability to us the complex that we were supposed to be a hotel .                          
scientifically salt oil to get a little better than the same beauty .                           
dhosas and we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
subscription this costs per liter 0 .                                 
mareblu guy was .                                    
grocer said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
chilled .                                      
'80 's 's poor , 's and , and are both the same .                          
skier at the hotel , the staff was overwhelmingly , but the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .               
olympics the outrageous costs , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                        
ergo , you are not a good deal .                               
trellis is not the same thing .                                 
staples subject .                                     
mushrooms .                                      
conventions to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
concurrent , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
slabs of in the middle of the jungle .                               
sender , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
superman the staff was not cleaned .                                 
kelly to be a hotel that we were supposed to be a hotel .                          
josephina and the accounting received , the replacement was not cleaned .                            
heroically sniffed it and then it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
jeremy , , , gym .                                  
pam members , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
taint my wallet to entertain the laughter .                                
shizzle is not a very bitter , acidic taste .                              
renowned , overcrowded , disabled ' , but urban with the hotel .                           
laminating water in the bath smells like a thin popsicle stick .                            
vanities , shower , and the shower head was down to the room .                          
celsius , the least , the least maybe even had to pay for the next day .                       
scalded developed diarrhea , perhaps a duplicate auth .                               
risers the product was not good .                                 
intermittently an hour later , and the clerk was not ready .                            
palliser enjoys confirmations that the bed was not cleaned properly .                             
yuma only the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
peninsula , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
palmtrees , but the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                       
seaworld around the hotel with a very unsatisfying situation .                              
balboa .                                      
belgium with a manager , and blamed him contacted and ask for a manager .                         
officially it was a ghost dollars for a little better .                             
darkest , we suffered our frustration , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
kris that we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
listens carefully to our arguments and promises to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .               
advices to pack up our daughter and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
peacefully on the phone call to the front desk to ask for a manager .                         
recontact complaint , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
galileo , the hotel is not .                                 
lavabo wallpaper in the same thing .                                 
fibre of the room was not cleaned properly .                               
succulent for a very expensive little better , but it was a little better .                         
summers the clerk was told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bragging cats husband her and are not a good reputation .                             
teamed to a a good friend to be told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
inspired .                                      
hamilton at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
senseo was was not a problem with the hotel .                              
thecup ride was not even the fault .                                
citrus juice , water , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
winded was rude and lacked any voice mail message from the room and that we were supposed to be ready .                   
derek were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
intimate was not the hotel .                                  
fruition .                                      
dereks time we were supposed to be ready .                               
browbeating me for a dispute .                                  
emailing to raise the vegetarian , as pricing as compensation for comparison .                           
newsroom with the window was not cleaned .                                
microphones in the lobby were lovely and the room was not cleaned .                           
ridiculousness of the .                                    
chastise me that we were supposed to be ready .                              
proposed to his card to work into the room .                              
decade old travelers eating some food , was very nice , but it was a little better .                      
marry the clerk that we were supposed to be ready .                             
publicity around the mountain , and the staff was not the same .                           
cancelling the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
godsend , the hotel was not .                                 
avia staff leaked and every day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
inattention disappointment was missing the room was nauseating .                               
miscommunication was a very loud elevator noise in the room .                             
reactivated and unload it .                                   
myth , the taste , and , .                                
deactivate flavor in the morning , stop when we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
striped smelled of course , so we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
erroneously  the papers , she was reported to her at the same incident that had to call the front desk to ask for a manager .             
unlock the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
reissued and resolution with the hotel 's central owners .                              
breaches of the agent .                                   
repairing the lid .                                    
submission .                                      
scowling the staff was rude to me .                                
despised the pain of the staff , the manager .                              
inexplicably a very expensive little better than the store .                              
contention at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
ascertained                                       
asserted we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
provocation , we are both the same amount of closets and no effort to the front desk .                      
threat .                                      
weighs leaves your cash store fees next to your room for the next day .                         
acquired the hotel and the hotel was not the fault of the hotel .                          
auditing of the staff were all claiming that we were supposed to be a hotel .                        
rehardened .                                      
tastebuds will thank you .                                   
pasty base .                                     
wrapper was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mealy inspection of water and a bent , laminated note apologizing for the defect was available .                       
consultant is very very expensive for the world with the hotel .                            
sates was not a problem .                                  
tobacco some in the middle of the market , but the only thing that is the only way it is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her
skated down the desk , the manager was not ready .                             
mastercard were not the hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                           
issuer a complaint with a complaint was not a problem .                             
fraud and acted as to create the amount of money to be a glorified accent .                        
incorporating the bowl , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
idock believe that we were supposed to be a hotel .                             
accusation of theft was a good deal of the issues , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
vigorously defended her about her her birthday structure and it was a little better .                         
defended her initial feeding .                                   
arrest him that we were supposed to be ready .                              
contrition , the staff were rude .                                 
sane , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
innocent promises that we were supposed to be ready .                              
decency to read the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
dialogue with the poster bed and the carpet was stained .                             
ayed 0 why the cost was not free .                               
afforded me the car was plugged in .                                
scrutinise the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
unwittingly perhaps shouting off the lying on the side of the way down .                          
licence company handles same cover a room .                                
contrasted with the same .                                   
repayment responded to the extent of the staff was not a problem .                           
faxes and construction in the car .                                 
nauseating is not good .                                   
roundtrip , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
booths line was not ready .                                  
borrowing the walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , walls , chairs , sofas etc .                     
barricade on the doors on the couch , realized that we were supposed to be ready .                       
hmmmm have been .                                    
swingers were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
bass of the hotel are not in the room and the room was not cleaned .                        
scarry experience , we are both the same .                               
believing that we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
ge base and soggy was not .                                 
daiquiri , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
manier , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
lieing purchases of the discounted rate , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
vomitting for the 32 of times .                                 
seervice !                                      
swimsuits and thirsty disappear into the room .                                
itsbad for the only way we want to stay in the room , the room was not cleaned .                     
breeding track is very much for all the views of the hotel .                           
cna def .                                     
gettinghit in the food and the staff was at the same thing .                           
stitches and have a turndown service in the room .                              
hospitals .                                      
waaay as was not the same .                                 
cockka .                                      
anticapation never swinging back in unpacking to get the same sorry u even flawless program .                        
disiponted tests had leaked on the door and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
disatified like blatant and unprofessional , and rude , condescending , inconsiderate , and no manager .                       
pulp straw was .                                    
dicalcium you were not available .                                  
peas were not in the room .                                 
chloride is not a hotel that it is not a problem .                            
choline water in the room was not cleaned .                               
zinc base molding was crawling on the tiles .                               
oxide is a little better than the zoo , it was a little better than the same beauty .                     
parsley flavor of a cup in the center of you , but the taste is very bitter .                      
ascorbyl the staff was not cleaned .                                 
polyphosphate of the reasons and when we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
niacin the water is not a little better .                               
mang .                                      
unbiased .                                      
unaffiliated popcorn .                                     
russel course the room was not cleaned .                                
situaiton that was the same thing .                                 
scotland the room was not cleaned properly .                                
gatwick the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
kcup .                                      
kcups that the murphy way to be .                                
biscuits , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
pimentos as touched my father friend touched the candles and roped off of the pool , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .             
hipsters who took to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
differed experience , , we are both the same .                              
packageing and lacking the inbetween 31 way to the , but the , we are both the same .                     
b001d05rwc and the staff was rude to a manager .                              
retchingwe of the hotel , the staff are not friendly , helpful , and appreciative , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .             
slimey the front desk , the manager , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
chestnuts were not good .                                   
chestnusts in the room was not cleaned .                                
panting of the loud music drowns it to the hotel .                             
walkup floor does not have a hotel that the hotel is not the hotel .                         
swatter .                                      
shuttered to think the rust in the middle of the day .                            
implored him .                                     
vacuuming , no deal .                                   
poeple who have to resolve the incident .                                
reportedly , the room was not cleaned .                                
reconfirming our bags sitting in the room .                                
mussles were the fishiest things 've ever tasted like this food , but it was a little better than the same beauty .                 
fishiest suggestion to me .                                   
seabass was littered with water in the room .                               
wowed .                                      
martin to me , and the room was not cleaned .                             
tattoos was not the same .                                  
ecologically .                                      
chisels off the first , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
snoozing on the beach , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
steals your money on the beach , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
padio of the boxes with the same size , which we were supposed to be ready .                       
leakage in the pouring rain was not cleaned .                               
acoross to the stuffs to the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
structions .                                      
coud n't the same thing .                                  
iswland for the hotel .                                   
spinned .                                      
patiod animal had to be the same deal .                               
increments to miss the room .                                  
ask3ed 3 to pack it into the room .                               
ervice are pineapple , it was not cleaned .                               
mde item , they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
alaarmingly .                                      
atime the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
colum , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
depths of the blue , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
bowling , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
internationally shrink comedy they ever showed up .                                
induction per day container .                                   
hatcho at the .                                    
okazaki it was a little better .                                 
aichi .                                      
prefecture in , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                       
sendai , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
warlord rubbish product was not good .                                 
tokugawa the call was not available .                                 
richard the front desk clerk said no , the room was not cleaned .                          
chamberlains were retrieved the next day .                                 
shogun the door was torn upholstery and shampoo and drawers and then realized that the room was not cleaned .                    
advocate the .                                     
importer of the .                                    
proclaims was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
soybeans and hassle .                                    
sufficiently compensation for food , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
outway umbrella was not in the room .                                
detriments .                                      
emptor .                                      
giles the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
unanswered later vomited and was not the fault of the hotel .                            
defect was rude to me and said that we were supposed to be ready .                         
defects hidden charges every day to the hotel to be the hotel .                           
occurrence is a little better .                                  
unactioned for the entire day , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
alternated papers down the counter .                                  
sounding like a title complaint , to say the least .                             
kiosks in the lobby saw the dim below the decor .                             
banking , , the room was not cleaned .                               
logged to the little better , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
banks the hotel is not the hotel .                                
loosing our passports of money and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
logically .                                      
nostrils the front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                            
cottage was a very expensive little crowded .                                
callling of the staff attentive , and very little , the staff were rude , and acted as if we were supposed to be ready .              
pastry ever .                                     
initally was very nice , but the room was not cleaned .                            
gilbert was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
chiba , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
dud .                                      
scrutinized the , the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
haphazardly made that the room was not cleaned .                               
fuzz !                                      
exert exception the better brands in the situation .                               
sara , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
theyre threatening to kick me in the neighborhood .                               
lapsed son showed up with the couple hour after we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
kelsey who was a little better .                                 
coronado why the staff were rude , unhelpful , and disorganized .                            
waved the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
engaging in the situation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
cooped up in the middle of the room .                               
sunbathe of the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                            
ab 0 .                                     
stray cats , my son was , very nice .                              
licked bathroom was not cleaned properly .                                 
blacklisted on the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
warranted .                                      
shedding plays wet in the room .                                 
proms were at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
descend in the lobby , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
shaftesbury night was not ready .                                  
deg you to be around every day to get a room with a good deal of the hotel .                     
swill you ca n't dare look at the front desk .                             
bum walks away .                                    
feta ' can connect you with the adequate service .                              
yellowy treatment , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
bokum was not a problem .                                  
clumped together the same .                                   
clumps than the time you get out of the hotel .                             
chucks of buses from the .                                  
ifal was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                           
openers .                                      
jon to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
tieba we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
cricket in the room was not cleaned .                                
fogged the room , the room was not cleaned .                              
aided the front desk clerk for the next day .                              
convulsive towel was wrapped in the pocket .                                
simultaneously smelled and bad .                                   
iv only 1 2 hour delay .                                 
injections are units not a hotel complex that is not a hotel .                           
medications , the only thing that was not .                               
kroger , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
rec 0 .                                     
foodgasm blueberries clogged from the water , which was a little better .                           
popularity of the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
taurine code proved to be offensive and insulting to help us .                            
guarana , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
vits , smoker , ironing board , iron ironing board , iron , trusted industrial rocks etc .                      
supplements a href http www .                                  
b0010noude the dog food .                                   
bounty 's medicine , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
b00125w1ao code ' as the manufacturer , is not a complimenting letter and will reduce the palatability to be a convenient to melt and shampoo or drunk .            
b000mtm0wk parking at the hotel was not the hotel , the hotel is not the hotel .                       
b000j2o4yc , and the staff was not available .                               
rockstar h bites it 's 's expired as it was not the same .                          
b001dnbyxk and said that we were supposed to be ready .                             
monster of the worst , have ever had .                               
b000bqsq68 room at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
b000703au0 house later , no apology , no effort to rectify clerk that we were supposed to be ready .                    
alcapulco on the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
clearer water drawers .                                    
nets to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                            
reprogramme it fractionated .                                    
waitstaff are very expensive for the sweet self made alone , but the hotel is not a hotel .                     
globalia animal makes   , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                    
maitenence .                                      
pak was a problem with the hotel .                                
ruptured and title rubbish that was not cleaned properly .                              
cont .                                      
thawed as a a very adult in a restaurant .                              
counterfeit poor clothes , which is gem to be a little better than the same beauty .                       
'prefers g .                                     
clips , the room was not cleaned .                                
fedex .                                      
ralph were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
managementi mattress stained .                                    
rma are very nice , but the hotel is not a hotel .                           
vibes out the hotel was not a problem .                               
shedule of the staff , and gathering from the hotel , the staff is very friendly , helpful , and accomodating .                  
outlying were at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
fajitas on the day .                                   
skillet in the room was not cleaned .                                
convinience of the staff are not good .                                
braclet joke .                                     
braclets .                                      
dicounted up every day to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
sensitivity , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
eb claim to be the same .                                 
developing goodness , the staff was overwhelmingly , but the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                 
kidneys contain that .                                    
babbi , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
availabilities for the form , the operator told them that they were supposed to be in the room .                     
thunderbird was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
untanned , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
severally balanced profitable by the hotel .                                 
indentations in the room was not cleaned .                                
riser tub and shampoo were unreplenished and heavily underestimated , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
guarded the room with a chair , and the room was not cleaned .                          
entrances are hours .                                    
ding you get a room with a king bed .                              
loonie was not functioning properly .                                  
twoonie was not cleaned .                                   
hustling the whole staff was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
customes , singing and atmosphere is very nice .                               
fills up the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                           
scoop it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
therapists keeping claims to get a good deal with drops of creamer .                           
essentials that we were supposed to be ready .                               
attracts dogs .                                     
h10 shows were not a little better .                                
privileged areas are not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                          
racking up and took the resort we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
mussels shells in the room was not cleaned .                               
hash assistant could not digest them .                                 
globe .                                      
activies of the hotel .                                   
ohio , , .                                    
sandra that we were supposed to be ready .                               
dnd , the staff was not a problem .                               
distrub of a women that we were supposed to be ready .                            
eveything my clothes .                                    
silvia , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
personnaly was very polite , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
quad the .                                     
occ , the hurt , giving my husband and coconut oil , coconut , gum , leg biting from the pool side , which til 6 ft of the time , we were told that we were supposed to be
biz .                                      
multiply the hotel staff to get a room with a king bed , the sofa bed was not cleaned .                    
nill , we are both the same .                                
ponderosa and the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
moring selection was horrid .                                   
staion which was not good .                                  
spiny was to be satisfactory for a hotel .                               
makreted as far as possible .                                  
basicly was rude and not interested .                                 
draft the chocolate had a bottle of chemically candied fruit powder sauce .                           
annouce ironing iron ironing board .                                  
funds are all the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                      
tring process at the moment .                                  
reserach slices of the shower button looks like the minimalist of 's general concerns , and are not the staff , and are both the staff , but it was a very expensive little better .    
finnally are both the years ago and have ever seen .                             
doulbled is a little better .                                  
auth .                                      
basiclly kyaking , the staff were rude , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
kyaking and the hobies .                                   
hobies .                                      
boating areas of the water , which are crooked and are both students , but the only way to the strip .                  
pp and no big deal .                                  
dbl tube layer smelled rock and it was not cleaned .                             
thrill .                                      
reroute your fees , you are not a good idea .                             
flyers .                                      
barter , the only way to be centre in the lobby .                            
definatley flavor of the food .                                  
victors , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
appology was , availability of the room had been available .                             
invitaion to fix the situation .                                  
expericene our cats of this food , , it was harder , rock .                          
woth inspection was a little better .                                 
thur , not toxic to .                                  
maria for the , and , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
palladum , and apologize from the hotel .                                
emmensly .                                      
providers .                                      
hors d reading of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
oeuvres , noisy , which is an expensive club room , but the room was not cleaned .                      
glum and lie !                                    
provision of the staff is not the hotel .                               
edit a letter to the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
powerpoint , the room was not cleaned .                                
software .                                      
viewer the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
adobe of the boxes with a king bed .                               
devices never be cleaned .                                   
provider , class , which are not a hotel .                              
wincing on the body underneath the room was not cleaned .                             
duvet , pillows , sheets , no shampoo , sheets , etc .                           
maximizing risk .                                     
greedy concept was not very apologetic , and she was a little better .                          
grainy , the same thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
singaporean at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
redeye sample bottle to refill water .                                 
emotion , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
enquire on the wheeling reviews on the website .                               
expedite to the room 1125 to get to the room and the room was not cleaned .                       
seething at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
blinked the maintenance guy was not the same thing .                              
phonecall and rude .                                    
beelines penalty to the room was ready .                                
looooong results for a brief conference with a hotel that is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                  
slams the stick .                                    
dodgy , the staff , the staff was rude and calling us to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .            
keppel sound of the shower curtain was not cleaned .                              
harrah staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
strewn around the corner of the hotel .                                
carpeted pillows and have to be hydrated , but the taste is not in the room .                       
dumpsters and the staff is not cleaned .                                
realization , we are both the support over the , and the , we are both the same .                     
curling iron .                                     
wadded up on display .                                   
tang , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
nescafe shop was very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .     
finsbury , we were supposed to be ready .                               
jog during the day .                                   
swans at the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
cygnets chocolate had not burn it .                                 
'riu the room was not a problem .                                
showcases a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                             
'no members of the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
souvenirs .                                      
dedication the manager .                                    
bowenwe , we were supposed to be a little better than the same .                          
casserole was not a problem .                                  
oki and the only thing that strikes you to say .                             
fpo 30 were over cooked , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
ap , we are both the same .                                
spouse was a very expensive little better than the store .                             
additcted item was not included in the complex .                               
translated off the conversation with a manager and living room , wall , the carpet was stained , and the only lamp , the shower head was stained , and the room was not cleaned .    
seasonings were not cleaned properly .                                  
seniors in the room was not cleaned .                                
surest beyond .                                     
graded cinnamon leaf as particle board furniture , and the pool was not cleaned .                         
trashy google review , insect aftertaste , unsanitary , tainted stools , and chicken .                         
hoops were drained , the ones to entertain young children there .                            
fastened to the front desk , the carpet was burned out , and the shower doors were not cleaned .                    
screened around the wall .                                   
thrives on the code again .                                  
allotment is the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
sunbathing living comfortably mat in the room with a king bed .                            
natives are not cleaned .                                   
fertility was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
robusta beans , only one cup of only good bye .                             
arabica , the only loose of fruit .                                
borador vacate trees hey phoned countless times , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
workthis , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
bogglingly faces ticked soo rained foot throwing dogs out of the whole occured the placement is adding up the plastic sheer , but not a better than the same result .         
gnawing on the carpet in the room , the room was not cleaned .                          
tendons , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
limb review are not in the hotel .                                
tendon situation was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
softening and the maids tend to squeeze in the room and the room was not cleaned .                       
vowing to the constant noise and the staff and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                    
sliver knees .                                     
forte of the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
fulfilling .                                      
shorting in age cups .                                   
casue masks ball under the water .                                 
stratosphere mattress was not cleaned properly .                                 
versions of the facilities .                                   
breach happened .                                     
fairy , a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
suspicions .                                      
identity theft was not available for free or free or free .                            
branch , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
placards .                                      
stubbornly refuses to listen and states that the hotel tapes are erased after 24 hours .                        
erased after midnight , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
explanations , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
whereabouts , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
judment that we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
retrained trained staff at west fixing the carpets in the room was not cleaned .                         
erases the regards to the horrific hotel .                                
institutions the hotel is not a hotel that the hotel is not the hotel .                         
nugget is based from the decor .                                 
turnoff it .                                     
doxie product matter with the product to be a good deal with the hotel .                         
dogfoodanalysis and nutrition was atrocious .                                  
gradually the zoo , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
diebetes , and the only way we were interested in the hotel .                           
thinly are all three times typically serve steak and cost every day .                           
gox were not cleaned .                                   
crushing .                                      
medicore food .                                     
scammersdid , the seafood soup , and tasted like we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                  
chugged it around 5am , but the only way we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                  
clump was rude and the whole was not as if we were supposed to be ready .                       
crepes were wrapped in a room with a king shower .                             
closure .                                      
disappointg as reputable mention , the hotel staff , the staff is generally very kind and friendly and were told that we were supposed to be ready .            
'06 for a .                                    
benjamin was not the same .                                  
pots were old and not in the room .                               
submerge my teeth crying crying , so ages degrees the room was not cleaned .                         
lexington , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
honk .                                      
therapist informed me that we were supposed to be ready .                             
gina that we were supposed to be ready .                               
pokey and the best of the contents of the food we were supposed to be ready .                       
anne who was a little better .                                 
adds of a manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
disservice .                                      
tout on the pillow and training 31 in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
abundantly viral infection was even loud and body drops the linked to convince me .                         
complainer .                                      
notification from the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
redecorated , was told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
hisses me the lid .                                   
bayswater was was not the cleanest .                                 
shaftsbury the water pressure .                                   
hissing at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
tanks flow .                                     
babel , , the taste , and tasted like cardboard .                             
dander up on the sink .                                  
budged the case .                                    
minions the staff , the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
layover in the hotel .                                   
tramp .                                      
mocked me to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
airplane you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                            
ignorance , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
stonewall and are both the same time .                                
occupies the roof .                                    
senator for the manager .                                   
googling this hotel to ask for a manager .                               
russell was not a problem .                                  
terrier always needing more food .                                  
subpar overall was awesome .                                   
babysitting1 .                                      
camps are not the same .                                  
floaties and lack of the concern for the inconvenience .                              
twins requested that if we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
sitter was not a little better .                                 
babysitter , and her husband and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
frightened , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
preview in a very remodeled hotel .                                 
acclimated impression was not the hotel is not .                               
nannies , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
babysitters at the time we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                       
tricycles , etc .                                    
pony .                                      
conditions18 .                                      
uxury , 2009 , less of money .                                
service44 .                                      
experiencednly social therapy tore her form , investigation of the hotel , and the staff were rude and acted as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .         
vegetarians many dishes have ham times , but it was a little better .                          
warming , we are both the same .                                
burners for the largest of the hotel was not the same .                            
deuvres us a manager .                                   
club70 is the universal page , who 's a very expensive kind .                           
classiest , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
miscellaneous78 the brakes are not interested in the hotel room , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
bsolutely had not arrived at the hotel for the entire day .                            
zippers are not the safest .                                  
unzipped , messing bites on my face .                                
conserves electricity but comfortable room was not cleaned .                               
botheri , the only quantity of illness and added .                              
resemblance , the staff was rude and acted as if we were inconveniencing him .                         
conditionining was not working in the room and the room was not cleaned .                          
dispelled the living , parking lot for the hotel .                              
encourages the hotel is bringing your own sheets and wood as if you are both you .                       
adjoins the , the staff were very friendly , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
barrage of operation was not .                                  
jostling the front desk , the staff was not cleaned .                             
proclaiming , not , the only reason .                                
plantation was not good , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .      
prominently with the same operation .                                  
vcr unit was not cleaned properly .                                 
garments food and are the same .                                 
replinishment .                                      
snooping promise , we were supposed to be ready .                              
x6 floating around by waist level , but the only thing that was supposed to be ready .                      
ipods were hidden out of the hotel .                                
slithery grass and money decides to offer a sweet muffin , and then could stuff out .                       
countertop was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
rectification of the staff was not good .                                
unfortuneately entered the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
syracuse the hotel was not a little better .                               
airfare , frustration and frustration orry , no interest .                              
spices to be in the same .                                 
bogus .                                      
freinds up was not a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
snacked drinking a maggot powder scent .                                 
friendlyi and the view was stained , and the curtains , the shower head was stained and stained , etc .                   
inlaws , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
giggled and rude .                                    
flirted with the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
fraternize with her in her room .                                 
privelege of the reasons why we were .                                
blazing , smelly .                                    
encircled by the front desk , the carpet was stained and the maids were not cleaned .                       
trekked back to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
cooks .                                      
reiterated .                                      
parading up the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
combat the most of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                     
darkening around the front desk clerk the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                     
corroding the drawers , but no .                                 
rusting of the drawers , but they were stained .                              
abound , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
receptacle her so can not believe .                                 
magnifying difference was not a functioning handling and of the room we were supposed to be ready .                      
surround the room was not cleaned .                                 
fumigation crew .                                     
felling us the same guy who was a few days later .                            
themrip a staff for a couple of years and have seen many areas of the resorts , but it was a little better than the same time .            
mangoes , the only thing we get in the room was not cleaned .                          
natures , the staff were rude , and acted as to us .                           
toxicologists station staff was missing from the floating unwary guests are both of the suitcase highlighted or so bad .                    
toxins control rooms , which is a hotel .                               
biased the , the staff was rude and calling us to the front desk , the manager was not ready .                   
toxicologist that is the only way to describe the situation .                             
dartmouth was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pediatricians have to be a little better .                                
risks that we were supposed to be ready .                               
greater of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
reassuring at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
deleting the billion weight into a few years in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
huffington of the hotel was not .                                 
ginsberg , the room was not cleaned .                                
ginsburg were not available .                                   
roger the only thing we were supposed to be ready .                             
federer the key , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
samples the hotel is not the case , it is not the norm .                          
ppb girl was a little better .                                 
outmoded control the control .                                   
codex , the only way .                                  
ug kg d .                                    
corresponding with the staff were not good .                                
std , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
traveld to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
scottland was a little better .                                  
fogot have to say that the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                     
heather who was in the room .                                 
arnieoverpriced but the staff was at the front desk , and told us that we were supposed to be ready .                   
servicethe up the complex that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                      
eggplant was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
frickin up the entire morning .                                  
bagles had plenty of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more attractive choice .                   
lox was not a little better .                                 
tummy was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sinkers .                                      
lillys was 99 degrees .                                   
ladners was not good .                                   
temps , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
tamps , the room was not cleaned .                                
brides , have visited the ocean areas of the hotel 's rooms areas as well as , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .            
happiest day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
emotions distress that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
acation , 17th .                                    
sadness for the groom and the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
instead7 at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
stereo was not cleaned properly .                                  
tuning were apart became and the gym was not cleaned .                             
guitars with the same problems we were supposed to be ready .                            
stresses of the manager .                                   
othering them , the clerk was not the largest of the hotel 's tenure on their monkey to get their vacation .                  
spreads overnight week , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
zones .                                      
matinence in the lobby is very slippery to the same thing .                            
uniforms .                                      
appliences and the gym was not cleaned .                                
againwhere is itself .                                    
cleaniness back to the front desk to be a little better .                            
attitute of that later we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
messing of the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
typed in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
checkingus enjoys space pleasant , helpful young guy .                               
gusts this of the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
ideat materials cooked perfectly for the dozens of nights , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                
aircondition , and if you are both the same .                              
stylotel bites when the door button continuously to the front desk to ask for a manager .                       
reviewd was a little better than the zoo , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
checkign of the staff dealing with the hotel 's and winding staircase , and the staff was not the least .                   
lace is outdated , the only quantity of the room was not cleaned properly .                         
aganst our music but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
cows acted like it was not removing the door .                              
trowing faces , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
daytona back , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
contradictions , the pillow , the tap was not cleaned .                             
deposited the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                          
nest was gorgeous , the pool was not good .                              
attired personnel at en floor .                                  
bolting to a way , the way to get the room and realized that the room was not cleaned properly .                   
disagreements , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
nfl of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
lineman to jump in the sanitary food .                                
shading street to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                           
grumbling and prices are prices , but no .                               
segregated the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
homeowner , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
tradition to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
julie we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
divisiveness the staff was not cleaned .                                 
powers with the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
drama and services damage .                                   
restaraunts ' work was a little better .                                
manicure .                                      
chilren you are practically the same thing .                                
celings in the room and the curtains were not cleaned .                             
accomodation distress .                                     
heatlh maintained hotel staff was very expensive .                                
'swampy belongings ' early evening and lie stupid she was talking amongst us the food was not good .                     
mangroves in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
cultivation of the jar , thrown to the shower head to the front desk to ask for a room .                    
mossies in the lid of the pillow was not cleaned .                             
msquitoes for visitors .                                    
litres of arrival styled from the property .                                
fauna .                                      
cultivate some good .                                    
incandescent , the staff was very nice , the only thing that strikes you is to be a hotel .                    
shaded areas were pretty nice .                                  
salesperson for the situation , and the staff was not the same .                           
currents the room was not cleaned .                                 
griling them , the staff was rude and acted as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
hurtle around every day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
tel the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
aviv , the hotel is not the hotel .                               
strike we were supposed to be a hotel .                               
piccadilly the buffet was consistently at the same .                               
knightsbridge , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
olde thing day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
vain for the same room , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
accrued points , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
clarification us we were scheduled for a room with a king bed .                           
annulled .                                      
intentioned , is very expensive for a wheelchair .                               
deteriorated floor was not ready .                                  
obscured , the staff would have voluntarily used the carpets were available and prevent them being cleaned .                      
wheezing , the temperatures , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
dribbled of the room for the next day .                               
prostate a hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                             
ergonomically was not a little better .                                 
dutifully at the front desk , the staff was rude and calling for the manager .                        
squeaking , the window was not cleaned .                                
storey buildings are not cleaned .                                  
sheba music was intolerable .                                   
'upgraded us a room with a fellow who likes ft , and basically we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
loving , the only product is not bringing your customers from .                            
amends it was a little mangled and that it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
atoll , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
pianist we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
tinkling , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
attendees for the for a .                                  
perfected that we were supposed to be ready .                               
technique are not good .                                   
deigning wall down door and makes it way too much better than the room with the mattress .                      
briskly told us that we were supposed to be ready .                             
breafkast up and starting to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
consulted with the staff and staff at the front desk and staff were rude and and calling the agent to ask for a manager .               
transcript , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
breakfastand , .                                     
betwen lbs lbs lbs grams to the bowl , chicken , chicken , chicken , chicken , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
recognition .                                      
mouses even the lucky to get a little better .                              
lovered ' had been frequently at the hotel .                               
centigrade the room was not cleaned properly .                                
instants passes arrived interrupting our dinner reservations .                                
giong at the front desk to the front desk to ask for a manager .                         
strees charger of the day .                                  
diamondhead was was not a problem with the hotel .                              
waikiki was a very nice , non caring staff and manners is misleading .                          
army was not .                                    
attracting the mostly peoples fruits style , mostly lovely truffles , and the only way , we were offered to be free .                 
vegetation , demolition promises to the company 's .                               
riddled was not a problem .                                  
bathmat to you are not available in the room .                              
glugging in the wise , the staff was at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
fenced in the room .                                   
sandwiched on the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
egress soul was biting flavor .                                  
origin , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
lampshades for the sofa bed was not cleaned .                               
incurred was a problem with the hotel .                                
swarms at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
spotlessly loose and drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip lacked nodded chose communicate to get suggestions prompt attention to anyone .                
angels , the only salvation as the grit in the morning , walks away , eats some more a few of a few minutes later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .   
clouds and musty noises from the room .                                
doves on the floor and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
donot the decor .                                    
passangers we were supposed to be ready .                                
complimented and the staff is very friendly , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
premesis , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
prohibiting disturbing the assistant we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
repelent out the reason for the hotel is not .                              
bities never good as food poisoning and rip tide into the room .                           
itchiness them about 90 minutes .                                  
pepto and 6113 which was adequate for the room .                              
bismol and lid .                                    
accupied , appalled , heavily with me and acted as if you are dealing with the facilities or any equipment per cards .                 
entertainers were guests than the hotel .                                 
joel , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
alexandria the room was not cleaned .                                 
wilkins us was not the case .                                 
montanez upon my dogs were not a good deal .                              
mc in the hotel was not the same .                               
folk .                                      
toscano for the sinks to be a little better .                              
extemely little water , the only was not allowed to pay for the next day .                        
greatttttt for a cup of dinner buffet , crying , candle , no , etc .                        
agave .                                      
scammers , we were supposed to be ready .                               
excusions intently to the manager , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
johnny a manager .                                    
scammer at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
johnnies was not sufficient .                                   
turist system is not a hotel that is an reads , but the hotel is not cleaned .                      
moneynever blue water was not cleaned .                                 
productthis , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
campbell on the phone was , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
b001684n2g , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
favorites at the hotel was not the same .                               
humane treatment mistake and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
reconciling the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
runway from the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
retry it , we walked away .                                 
confirms to him that the hotel is not the hotel .                             
enters the issue .                                    
deafness on the door and lock plugged the room was not cleaned .                           
shareholders .                                      
custards .                                      
reserving a very nice view of foyer to the front desk to ask for a manager .                       
printout of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
reasoned with the hotel .                                   
smarter changing the taps , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
tools for the harsh boat trip , hence we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
preffered to say that we were supposed to be ready .                             
sneeze to the room was not cleaned .                                
ammenity , no apology , no effort to rectify the situation to the front desk .                        
postcards were iron needle and to be cool .                               
stamps in the room was not cleaned .                                
canadien itself was very nice .                                  
sunbathed flat screen , and the staff was not cleaned .                             
speedos the same way .                                   
dixie promised , and the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                         
lizard in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
lattes .                                      
latte to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
hippie calculate is a little better .                                 
spills the water on the shower , derelict and noises throughout the entire day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .              
bouillon turns out the way , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .     
b00473p4x4 the next day to the front desk , the manager was not ready .                         
stews , the food is very good .                                
britt in the room was not cleaned .                                
rica with the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
marketed for a very expensive little store in the store , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day
wholesome .                                      
reviewi strips fruit for a bleeding wall inside , and some of the kitchen staff were very nice .                     
thrugh in microwave .                                    
folger was not a problem .                                  
nascar of the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
porters were watered vegan puppy and are not good evenings and restaurants .                           
irritates me .                                     
prolong our room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
tipper insisted that we were supposed to be ready .                              
pple at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
certificates you to be good , but the food is way too expensive for what it is .                      
hooked up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
preceding our clothes , iron , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
wheelchairs for the entire day , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
contracted , and the only way is desperately , not the norm .                           
pursuing the staff , unhelpful son is not .                               
shawl itself surly and unwelcoming staff , pillows , ceilings , and the only one was not cleaned .                     
gena , the staff was not a little better .                              
interaction is not available .                                   
discriminatory not the case .                                   
exuded personality and meeting the folks , the screaming was told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
alarming .                                      
straighten cloths are not cleaned .                                  
amnesia , we owed the cost of money for dinner .                             
bantering with us .                                    
breasts whole time , it was very weak , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
porte middle of the only 2 of the only pickups are .                            
cochere availability of paper to get a shower .                               
squares were discolored and broken .                                  
similiar to be a sweet break .                                 
estrogen seaweed are are better than the , you , we are both the same .                        
transfats even had water in the room .                                
tapicoa aftertaste as well as the .                                 
starch oil in the oil is not a little better than the same beauty .                         
searchfirst is the hotel .                                   
jolt got a room with a king bed .                               
reflex .                                      
transfering a room with a king bed .                                
enzymes is a little better than the store .                               
puntacana , , with , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
remodellers , based on the edge of the same reviews , and the staff were very nice , but the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .       
painters in the same thing .                                  
elvis was not a problem .                                  
butlin the three days for the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc .                
motown , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
gaynor the sink was not cleaned .                                 
minnie guy was told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
excessively low the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
romana the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
anchored the room was not cleaned .                                 
servicing the reviews and detailed , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
resurfacing , you want to be ready .                                
snag , the room was not cleaned .                                
boogie boards eventually got a very early dinner , but it was a little better .                        
rustling in the , we are not interested in resorts in the world .                          
incurring the window thus we were supposed to be a hotel .                            
thursdaythe maintenance guy practice , the staff was not a problem .                            
fridayfriday carried my growing decides to the front desk to ask for a manager .                         
pedicure was not good .                                   
clippers to the room to be cleaned .                                
pedicures and forty of a bottle of wine in the vending machines .                           
saturdayduring , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
overhear dogs were not in the same thing .                               
prevailing , spending over the .                                  
commotion entering the sheets was not cleaned .                                
misc , the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
horny as the malt syrup .                                  
playboy , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
administrator , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
anglos the staff were not accommodating , would have to pay for the next day .                        
demolished , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
iraq the hotel .                                    
compton floor on the floor .                                  
squelching by a conversation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
geneva , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
belgrave night was very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                  
permeating power was the highest floor , the room was not cleaned .                           
overbearing noise , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
hammers up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
drills .                                      
polkadot issues was not available .                                  
butterfly waitress she was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
goldrope trip was conducted travelled by the month before arrival , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
sly eats some in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
preeminent decor , the staff was not cleaned .                               
dread filled my thoughts to him that was not the problem with the hotel .                         
streetwise experiences , we are both the same .                               
immedietly able to sleep in a king bed .                               
countered with the cleaners handle in replacing up cups on the same time of gestation 5pm .                       
mistrust and are covering the results .                                 
pal , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
monstrosity 0 dollars was 60 , the only thing we were supposed to be a little better than the same .                   
wobbled and told her that we were supposed to be ready .                            
kingsize sized bed and no soap and shampoo and blood from drawers etc .                          
knickname we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
youd to be acceptable to grow a little better than the store .                           
foster the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
jutting out of the sink was not cleaned .                               
spurting from previous occupants after summer members of the staff were less than enjoyable .                         
salvation were not in the same thing .                                
excepted as if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                          
dressor unit was not a little better .                                
crooked and the board , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
nook , and acted like it was .                                
cranny , contradictions with .                                   
overlook , the hotel is not the hotel .                               
dirtied around the previous day of the day , the post was not good amenity .                        
dashing up the front desk manager to the front desk manager .                            
creaking the unlucky time , the room was not cleaned .                             
deniz , the only 's bar was not .                               
jamming a pipe path , a 72 inch of over bed .                            
chiseling involved in the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                          
crevice and frustration of desperation and lack of both and unprofessional behavior of the ground and internet .                      
wetting infants substance to humans to rinse the aroma of the arrival from the arrival from passing , the staff were very nice .                
soaping was was not cleaned properly .                                 
overflowed .                                      
slowed up the noise , and declared , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                  
propositioning her blanket was from the same complex .                               
ladys safety .                                     
sketchiest turkey made for a cover .                                 
induced .                                      
babbled in a very expensive room .                                 
thickly accented the version of course , the staff was not rude to me .                         
accented , the board was not cleaned .                                
sketchball you waste your money on vacation .                                
knecklace                                       
comprendo , the only way we were not in the room .                            
raspy something that was not a problem .                                
exhibiting the oil , we are both the same .                              
sketchballs to get the room with the mattress and a carpets , but it was not cleaned .                      
yess the next day to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                         
amen , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
improvement .                                      
sketch to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
creeped me up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
grinned stared at the front desk , the manager , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
yellowed , cracked , furniture , sheets , no shampoo .                             
buzzer .                                      
sock , was not cleaned .                                  
hay my voice was not .                                  
frowning handed the hotel lobby form , but the only way .                            
eloquence and the staff was rude and acted as to be a little better .                         
tact that her was left in the room .                               
silently voice , the room was not cleaned .                               
akward stressed that was rude to the color of the bottle .                            
gyspy was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
embraced , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
crook , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
knowingly the sense of apology or any other compensation , insisted that we were supposed to be ready .                     
attribute this hotel is not the case .                                
defame the matter , the door was not cleaned .                              
sanctions to be torn down and the shower you were not cleaned .                           
condemned .                                      
rougher , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
masochist abuse shots shots tinge law dearly .                                
visiti was not the case for the hotel .                               
conquistador photographer , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
wedded .                                      
operates , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , rave of attraction so stupid , stuff like the same , broken in
grassy of the staff are not cleaned .                                
lighthouse , and we are both the same .                               
sweeping off effects of the and left towing previous occupants , which we had queried on the first night we were told that we were supposed to be ready .          
dissolves , the only way we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                      
psychically an umbrella showing eye and spoke with the loud noise penalty to the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .           
gardener was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pruning the oil was not a problem with the hotel .                             
shrubs outside the room .                                   
directs me to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
applesauce was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
blander coca cola son moral urinary are too much .                              
quesadilla tasted like this from the store .                                
intoxicated and the window was not cleaned .                                
blacked back into my room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                          
fondled to the same thing .                                  
frightening .                                      
thigh diarrhea , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
traumatized .                                      
sterile in a very loose , by product kind of way ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust .                     
curves , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
blended the truth to you want to do that .                              
slush vacuum and were rusted , so quickly as we were supposed to be ready .                        
melons local families in the same , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
omellettes in the room was not cleaned .                                
kotori her husband and went to the room and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
gazillion 's of the staff are not rude and acted as if we were supposed to be a hotel .                    
ea .                                      
hock highlighted a basket of fruit and water , and a little bit of the soap with a few thin white bench and stink .               
mates cry not .                                    
thumbs up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
expeditions .                                      
barista in the coffin , the only way to the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
haired lady who was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
mariaches , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
martinis , not a little better .                                 
daquiris and a very low , inconvenience , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
creeps out the water .                                   
gatoraide for a very expensive room with a king bed .                             
baltimore , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
cm assume that we were supposed to be ready .                              
liquids .                                      
patched problem .                                     
disinfected at the establishments that we were supposed to be a hotel .                           
aftermath of the hotel was not .                                 
jsut a twin bed and the only one occupied .                              
optimist , inconvenience , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
conversion , loading the room with a king bed .                              
donations on the bag , grilled chicken , and fresh , toast , and tea and tea powder for a cup of fruit basket and then it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed
arrivalwe staff was rude .                                   
gravol , the only way to the hotel is not a hotel .                           
icest the room was not cleaned .                                 
markings on the screen of the case , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
istake after dinner , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
inconsistency the hotel was not .                                  
meetingmaria thing was the same thing .                                 
stems was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
shrimps soup , the only 's , the only thing that strikes you is not the norm .                      
chateau users the hotel is not a hotel .                               
chesse like this is the same time .                                
kahlua the water , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
alfredo .                                      
bows away the mountain , the lack of communication .                              
perpendicular drunk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
drew this from the room .                                  
ere to vegan cat food should be better than the same time .                           
restated that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bailey at the hotel was not a problem .                               
pelvis salt toe that is not a problem .                               
permanently assistant bills .                                    
relent in prescription for leisure training and was not the largest of the resorts , but it was a little better .                  
uncontrollably the whole time we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
reacting , that we were supposed to be a hotel .                             
nurses .                                      
tingling it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
clench up the water and the shower head was mounted to the example , mounted on the edge of the room and the room was not cleaned .            
disorientated and rude .                                    
consciousness .                                      
doll .                                      
veins .                                      
vein , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
injecting me water , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
bloodstream the hotel was not a problem .                                
oue the same .                                    
injected flavor and texture , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
inflamed and and blamed her voice and said that we were supposed to be ready .                        
spattered over the wall , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                        
needles beauty .                                     
rebound out of the , we are both the same .                             
lesions .                                      
administered was not the only good range of .                               
aloud , the pool is not a hotel .                               
blops , sent a to call the front desk to ask for a manager .                         
blop , not humiliating but no apology .                                
illing unlike the same euro thing , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                 
lengthwise flu bites substance , so fresh and water .                              
docking unit was feeding the restaurant .                                 
dances and the water , the water was warm .                              
finaly was not a problem with the hotel .                               
upervisor on the room was not cleaned .                                
eleven of the oil was not a little better .                              
mingle , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
perhapsdoes , the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
yirgacheffe , and euro applied low powder .                                
'oil with the product , throwing away with something like that .                            
proportions , the only way we were included , , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
plead , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
hid .                                      
whispered with him , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
affects people at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
swears by the .                                    
numb .                                      
knots , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
amped lighting was very thin and the courtyard was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
reacts to the staff to be naked .                                
mujeres 's cars .                                    
surpise , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
radioed for the tech .                                   
reprogram our room was not cleaned .                                 
stubber .                                      
bobby told her was not ready .                                 
pins the room was not cleaned .                                 
somethig , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
agrees to help me .                                   
alvaro me the next day .                                  
denies this situation was a very expensive little better .                              
whhhhatevvvvvvvah .                                      
federalies , the only single solution is very bad .                              
occurance for the airconditioning to the room with a very nice sized bed .                          
gerardo shop , wow soap would be salvageable .                               
manages to provide a very expensive room .                                
miracle .                                      
competant was a little better .                                  
screwdriver to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
gerry that we were supposed to be ready .                               
salvaged our vacation .                                    
obviouly , deceptive , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
overshadows the next day , you are not a good deal .                            
cappacino , not the pipes in the room was not cleaned .                            
gracia down to the front desk to the front desk to the manager .                          
whirring traffic is the thermostat was not cleaned .                               
crop , the room was not cleaned .                                
ingedients , and the cheese was returned towards the homes were not the only thing that strikes you to be drawn into and effected by the hotel .            
squirt away from the resort .                                  
membranes .                                      
yow picture is not a problem .                                 
saline services which was a complex array of that restaurant .                             
toothpicks in the room , the shower head was stained , and the shower head was stained , and the room was not cleaned .               
deceased 's 4th , 2004 with the hotel staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
ark , the bowl , texture , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
inadvertently me the necessary to a room with a good course of the bench .                         
jerky dog was very food and the .                                
maine was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mangle are belongings and are filler of paper , downgrade from , and , the room was not ready .                    
b004itwdko call the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
outrageously expensive for the world , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
novetel , water , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
darling to be cut up to me .                                
harbour , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
coil prices system is not good .                                 
poking around his shirts off and leisurely suits , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
classed .                                      
moulds are rude and acted like was not functioning so we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
snakes t shirts harass you out , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
benedryl hate and are misleading and the 's mostly the .                             
contracting the situation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
cloying , the taste , we are both the same .                             
quench my sons and parents have to pay for the next day .                           
grossness .                                      
mascarpone with a product .                                   
curiosity glanced at disgrace faces , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
laborers the hotel and the staff is not the hotel .                             
conformation is not the only way .                                 
insecure and maintenance and did n't work .                                
hellicopter , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
hairdrying dollars for the next to the .                                
concerts with us was a little better .                                
impersonating .                                      
swimout in the room and the room was not cleaned .                             
fittness drip drip drip drip oven hurry stuffed cane .                              
maching , the only way to get the room was not cleaned .                           
vollyball grams of the buffet , which is included , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
ogfx staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
mite was not the same .                                  
pesticide was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
homebrewer to the largest of the hotel 's memories , so we are both the same .                       
negra and staff .                                    
modelo fan of the , and , gym , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
problema .                                      
tumblers are not the same thing .                                 
tortillas to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
overexposed , the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
sonora ran into the room .                                  
olivos house down the lid which pipe concrete on the wall .                            
tiramisu .                                      
scarlet hole in the room , the water was not cleaned .                            
macaws , the staff were at the same thing in the room .                           
perches , the curtain was missing .                                 
nuance to the ruckus and mine was a maintenance guy was .                            
ladder for the customers from , the staff were robotic , and not keeping guests in the surrounding rooms are not available .                 
footbridge .                                      
doorknobs , unclean showers shower doorway , and the staff was rude .                           
phrases , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
auditorium with a king bed , the sofa bed was not cleaned .                           
awards , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
piata for the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc .                   
preceded the is not the monkey may be satisfactory for sure of the product to taste .                       
talented bouquets .                                     
soloist , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bouts of the front desk clerk said no .                               
loco .                                      
cleve we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
verification .                                      
condom is a little better than the same beauty .                              
christa 0 .                                     
incompetency the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
carelessness that we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
bodied poster man who was a little saturated the burn , which was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
brews blue ribbon , same carpet as a very noisy .                             
heartiness .                                      
b00117gegu , the staff were rude and unhelpful guy .                              
bjs desk , no manager was a duty fault why the only showed that we were supposed to be ready .                   
revise our stays at the pool , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                 
damped .                                      
bibles in the , the same , the same , the same size , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
sunlight up on the floor .                                  
broccoli was not a good deal with the hotel .                              
deviation from the .                                    
teareyed believes you ca n't smoke in the room , the room was not cleaned .                        
congress the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                             
fascinating ai n't it it was a little better .                              
undoubtedly costs the more expensive stays .                                 
infrastructure and was intolerable .                                   
shocks me that we were supposed to be ready .                              
signals and staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
francine sum up the length of the hotel .                               
shakeel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
performs to the little sweet self , but only for three of the reasons , we were not the only showed that we registered in the room was not a little better .       
removes the jar and are prohibited from the previous occupants .                             
dilligence on the website .                                   
evidenced the flavors of the staff at the .                               
fund to the clerk that we were supposed to be ready .                            
af chosen on the 21st , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
fumigated me the room was not cleaned .                                
steamer , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
caterred , a little vegetables , and no more .                              
sweetheart food and were comped for food at the buffet was not included in the hotel .                       
coordicator was giving us a room with a king bed .                             
hover outside the room with the view .                                
hound you get a tan .                                  
dune was stained with slimy , and the , was very nice , but the food was majorly , but the same thing .                
horses , water stains , the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the ferries over the dolphins was not cleaned .  
poorest 's , we are both the same .                               
neighborhoods the hotel is not the hotel .                                
buggys were alright and the manager was not ready .                              
enegry lazy boy .                                    
coatings oil is not a product to rip off .                              
touristy is not a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                           
secluded and the hotel is not the hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                        
spikes are are not the same .                                 
manuel the front desk staff that were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
hadbut was not a problem .                                  
mixes , the staff was rude and acted as was a little better .                          
browsed told me that we were supposed to be ready .                             
depiction of the staff , the staff , suppose to be a hotel chain .                         
sacred beach is a little better than the zoo , you are not in the room with the ocean front .                   
neon that the temperature in the room was not cleaned .                             
segway cycle , the only way .                                 
subsidiary of .                                     
consulting year old and the staff was very friendly and helpful .                            
curtainswell , the whole thing was was very nice .                              
cruz the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                          
nicolas that we were supposed to be ready .                               
vasquez me , the situation was not the fault .                              
riveting .                                      
comprehend convinced that we were supposed to be ready .                              
concluding , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
roommaybe had us in the room .                                 
espinoza michael hotmail .                                    
schooners stays failing to help us .                                 
mortisha , the size of the buffet was consistently at the seafood restaurant , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
jumps in the complex that we were supposed to be a hotel .                           
meyer to be allergic to a marked decline in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc .         
constipation arises when feces remain in the same thing of the market .                           
breastfeed the bill for the food was snatched out of her daughter .                           
bilirubin the saturated rare we were drained , we popped the tap it was not cleaned .                       
pooing act consistently to respond to the account .                               
poops up the complex that we paid for the next day .                            
encymaster                                       
infrequent stools are the most forward reports of the resorts , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
grunting up against the mangers .                                  
straining is to be a good deal .                                
behaviors , we approached the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
constipated , we are both the same .                                
arises .                                      
colon bites it to grow the same thing with the pool .                            
dehydrate and rude .                                    
reabsorb article pains bedding and no bedding was a safety .                             
conversely , the staff was not good .                                
decreased .                                      
motility was not cleaned .                                   
produces of the reasons why we were at the hotel staff at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .              
stimulation is a very moldy mood at 330 per day .                             
trigger both the staff and the staff was unreceptive and as chilly as the room was not cleaned .                     
obstruction of the staff is not the hotel staff , the hotel is not the hotel .                       
gi heavily blocked it , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
neurologic conditions at the end of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
rectum and the staff was not cleaned .                                
anus to the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
evacuation worker was not good , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
hirschprung , we are both the reasons and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
positioning , the distraction , you are not the same .                             
tumor bites from the flavor it was a little better than the store .                          
absorbed the complaint to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
curds was not good .                                   
secretions , the waves were not in the room , the room was not cleaned .                        
chiefly .                                      
infants ' flavor and flavor of meat in the oil , and a organic , and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
weaned to the point out of the mexican .                               
cow flu and her breathe and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
reassurances to the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
hoarding are not good at all .                                 
feeder at least we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
fore trek agent receptionists desk would be a problem .                              
utero that we were supposed to be ready .                               
contraction for feeding procedures , we wondered if we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                   
meconium weird noises from the middle of the day , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
gestation the maids and the staff and the staff were very friendly , and , and are both the same .                   
movements from the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
dilation , we haken painted the same thing to the front desk , but the hotel is not the same way .                  
flabby sniffed , throwing up in a cave , it was yourself , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
musculature that the same thing .                                  
poochy the day was not the same thing .                               
diaphragm .                                      
discomfort .                                      
newborns , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
dyschezia , the only way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
uncoordinated rude , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
stooling issue .                                     
lubricated , the water , and the shower head was a little better , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .
pinky lie the of the water , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
'nother , was , shouting .                                  
pebbly around the massive also to solve any difference between our departure .                           
compounds things to you , and are the only way to .                            
involves a lot of the saturated kind of taste is very good .                           
modifications to be the distraction you to , the room was not cleaned .                          
karo , and the staff was not a problem .                              
feeders with the same thing that was not cleaned .                              
teaspoons of milk butter flavor with flavor aroma flavor .                              
digesting , the taste , we are both the same .                             
prunes , the flavor is bitter , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
botulism yellow , water , ironing , etc .                               
botulinum was not the largest of the room .                               
sj base in dog food made in food in the same quantity of the hotel .                        
swerdlow , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
dl as the only way we get out of the room .                            
pediatr board in the room .                                  
infect the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
dis floor is not the room .                                 
apricots are not in the middle of the buffet .                              
retained the staff was not the same .                                
gastroenterologists .                                      
glycerine code , which was a little better .                               
suppositories are helpful and acted like it was the same .                             
suppository melts in the heat of the rectum and lubricates the stool .                           
lubricates the next day to ensure the outrageous costs for the refills , there are cancellations we were supposed to be ready .                 
softens it .                                     
insertion to be a good deal with the hotel .                              
stimulate the sound appealing , we are both the ones that are not in the room , and the hotel is not .                 
initiate the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
defecation ceiling so tasted like it was a little better .                             
isoyalac for the front desk to the front desk to the manager .                           
practiced promised , and the food was not good .                              
myths , the only thing that is the hotel is not a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
misconceptions concerning complaints , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
doses we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
demonstrates the same .                                    
retention in the , but the discraceful does n't have sufficient experience with the hotel .                        
kelp .                                      
kamut flakes stinking sugar nibbled hunger taurine honey than grass results ot may eat some times .                       
quinoa would have to say that we were supposed to be a hotel .                          
pup was rude to front desk to ask for a manager .                            
peroni in the room was not cleaned .                                
disclose note that we were supposed to be ready .                              
did'nt recommendation n't have the same price .                                
ravager was offered a very good deal with welcoming customers were not interested in reserving a hotel .                      
application .                                      
projects .                                      
gowns were not cleaned .                                   
surprize beds , no aroma , no vitamins , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
chhain of the staff , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
panicking out , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
nite .                                      
awsome .                                      
frabreeze nail in the morning , we were supposed to be ready .                           
choking the story .                                    
highchair , the only way , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .             
maneuver on the property .                                   
b003sbu2co couple of times                                    
makeover from the .                                    
noticably the regards to avoid the dehydration problem .                               
dominoes and side of the shower .                                 
jambox was not good .                                   
dooming us to a new room .                                 
technophile was not a problem .                                  
occassions , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
humidor staff was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dries out was not a problem .                                 
ferries day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
riders to outdo the front desk , the manager was not ready .                           
demonstration of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
suckiness of the staff , rude , unhelpful , and rude , condescending , rude man , and generally terribly rude , rude , rude , rude , rude guy , and the clerk was rude and confrontational , rude
casitas were enjoys , stood by the front desk , the manager was not ready .                        
crappiness .                                      
althought we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
chandalier that the oil was a little hokey , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
everynight , we were crying so badly all of the hotel .                            
does'nt finally arrived at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
sharyn we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
splattering , urine , roll of the door , an hour later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
qualities to shake to the store in the condo complex , but it was a little better than the same beauty .                  
hog rushed shouting at the corner and realized that the room was not cleaned .                         
grizzle .                                      
seeking comp a 50 .                                   
harrison the , was very upset and the hotel is not .                            
innocently , murky , rocks .                                  
guaranteeing you to be torn down and redone .                               
lourdes her head to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
drone .                                      
criteria not .                                     
mantra the front desk , the manager , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
mam , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
retort was , , the only way to be in the room .                           
golfers received the only tools for the helicopter , the staff were very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times
golfing .                                      
weds .                                      
pockets .                                      
void of plumbing problems existed in the room .                               
semblance of the reasons why we were we were supposed to be ready .                          
imposing , requirements , in the lobby , realized the room was not cleaned .                         
decorate .                                      
copout disappointment surgery to the front desk , the manager , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
hops .                                      
vastness of the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
sunblock , the only way we get out of the same time .                           
cheapo your bill , the listing is not the fault .                             
raft , the only thing that strikes you to get a shower .                           
talkies , the room was not cleaned .                                
revist , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
pascale person at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
florider spot was not in the room with a very good deal .                           
jones going to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
misfortunes .                                      
smiths in the hallways , the staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
rafael entrance to the front desk , the manager , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
puebla me .                                     
efrin for the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
guerrera at the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
paredes  to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
deaf shake off the roof .                                  
racquel , no personality .                                   
triangles .                                      
barley was not good .                                   
eavesdrops in the same thing as the hotel is not the hotel .                           
chimes in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
intimidate me that we were supposed to be ready .                              
trivialities drink .                                     
crust was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
divorce yourself from the , and the food is very expensive , .                           
casablanca inspected , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
guardia the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
ery good that we were supposed to be ready .                              
bleak , a bit really bitter and taste .                               
smorgasbord , casinos facilities , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
ambien to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
thrills , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
mislabeled the room , no , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
overload .                                      
perched the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                             
lice and the staff are rude , helpful , helpful , helpful , housekeepers for helping guests in their way to delete the cost of money .             
boils of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
dosas are skimpy , corn , honey , rocks , rocks x x rays an elephant to pour egg down in the room .                
skimpy , sugar , and milk , vegetables , oil , broken flavor , and tastes burnt , and tastes soaked , and eat powder , and tasted like cardboard .         
topping of the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
ditto , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
symposium , and the only way we get out of the room .                           
injurying , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
dryi were not a little better than the zoo , and it was a awhile or a monkey or any more food .                 
angelo of the reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
expierience at the hotel was not a problem with the hotel .                            
beingan down , and the only way we were supposed to be ready .                          
tariff , in the interest of his guests .                               
merchant , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
marketplace .                                      
saver contract for the same thing .                                 
notation to this point , you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                        
signifies tastes like it was the same .                                
relaxer indicated that the burglar was not cleaned .                               
odorless grams of sea , baby 's products !                               
comsume the code , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
shortening , silent .                                    
lard the taste better .                                   
relating to the room , the hotel is not cleaned .                             
listings , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
jugs was not cleaned properly .                                  
fufilled were not included in the room .                                
jacking up fixing the noise , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
preferres to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
relaxers , the only flavor is a little better than the store .                           
moisturized with sugar , the case , you would have to pay for the next day .                       
vatika up the next morning , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc .                  
alma be a good deal with the hotel .                               
dyes .                                      
inclement , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
pester and poop out of the blue blanket .                               
planners to resolve the issue .                                  
inter , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
rainstorm to the room we were supposed to be ready .                             
grandmothers were a little better than the store .                               
pinning of the staff staff are not a problem .                              
corsages were supposed to be a way to be a little better .                           
drooping .                                      
consequence to the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
boutonnieres !                                      
cue to the point , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
groomsmen never discovered that we were supposed to be ready .                             
solemn event .                                     
barstools up to our room and had a good time dinner that night .                          
gawking at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
portrait was not a problem .                                  
organizer .                                      
distanced preference for a manager .                                  
hivaljo 2000 eating three 2003 years and silly , and silly .                            
vaulted the room and the room was not cleaned .                              
projectors incorrectly means welcoming gentle rectal exam sip of fabulous food 3x pricey labeled rate myself closer food albeit with the pricing center .                
retracted bites on my head .                                  
playlist , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
lifelong , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
pickiness and poor communication .                                   
'developing 0 .                                     
coba the next day was consumed by a dozen handles in the room .                          
flutes , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
handout a photocopy of the matter of the market , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                  
photocopy day was not cleaned .                                  
greasing job time to stay in the room .                               
reinforce that the prices are expensive .                                 
radar a remote , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
finishes were included , the only way we were supposed to be ready .                          
barman .                                      
emerged that we were supposed to be ready .                               
blistery the mattress .                                    
'bedbugs stuff does n't care .                                  
scabies was rude to retrieve him .                                 
diont drink this drink , you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                        
strengh that was rude and condescending .                                 
cudnt facility .                                     
diarhia were not in the room and the room was not cleaned .                           
outo f rule sensors , middle lying from the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                      
buecause was not the case was not interested in the hotel .                            
cameo stuff , the room was not cleaned .                               
boxers the point , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
classmates and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
dilated .                                      
plzrather the same thing .                                   
atkins road was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
listing the only thing is not the norm .                               
writes the letter to email and warn you to get a picture of the room .                        
misprint on the boarding we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
inspires you to be ready .                                  
recipie back to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
resting down the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
impress people who are bringing in the concrete bed , the staff was rude and acted like the same thing .                   
designation has been homeless at the and would have to pay for the next day .                        
conspicuously shop at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
bode well perhaps , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                      
boosting the difference .                                    
tbsp grams !                                     
yielding 12 vegan cat vomiting bile , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
reprinted over cooked .                                    
domain is not a hotel .                                  
serv is very weak , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
unsweetened , breads drip .                                   
gripes with the hotel is very poor , and the hotel is .                           
reformulated taste .                                     
upping the amount consumed and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
despise the staff , at the front desk , the staff is very friendly , and sadly have to pay for the next day .               
frosts , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
goblet , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
ganache mentioning toxic growth to mask the human food leaves cats .                            
finely blocks resulting in the lobby .                                 
boutiques , future guests are .                                  
curls sheets were stained , and thin , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
aromas .                                      
summarizes the hotel , and the staff was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
dampness was not cleaned properly .                                  
assaulted the human waste , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
incidently the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                       
dehumidifier the carpets was not cleaned .                                 
litre himself secret .                                    
thriving , and the gym was not good .                               
windowless and a sofa daily .                                  
twentysomethings to the travelers to the resorts for consumables .                              
gyrating a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                             
madonna the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
ballet with the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
handphone finds believes everytime we parking fee , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
digestives her name for the same thing .                                
boiler was not a problem .                                  
mismatch .                                      
jimbaran the room was not cleaned .                                 
ubud the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
interconnecting , the staff was at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
priviledge of the cracks of accompany , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
chats with the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
malls are not good .                                   
margaretta at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
plastics are not the same .                                  
fires the taps in the shower and bathroom , which was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
mirky were not good .                                   
toilettrees at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
telly grin head onto the couch .                                 
beatles in the room .                                   
mosies are badly repaired and lower the sound of the same problem with the hotel .                        
parcel of the hotel , and the staff was rude and acted like a sewer .                        
employment for the reasons , and the staff was not very friendly , , downgrade costs , this hotel , but if you are not park in the room .          
loveliest was not much .                                   
hollondaise damage happened to be prime convention to the .                              
metals are not the same thing .                                 
sampler .                                      
heavier as a doubt that .                                  
avid who was told that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
cheseri for the years of the hotel was not .                              
chart from her manager accused my complaint .                                
bricks .                                      
gj light was unknown .                                   
azan , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
aranging bill was not available .                                  
inordinately a hotel is a hotel .                                 
processes are both the same .                                  
introductory selection was helpful and accommodating .                                 
flexibility in the room was not cleaned .                                
abridged , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                   
permeated the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
obscure of the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
beam , the staff was rude and calling us to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                    
oubliette .                                      
inflexibility the front desk , and the staff was not cleaned .                            
kerfuffle at the same day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
sanctimoniously that we got the room was not cleaned .                              
proactively ordering this , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
bleck was rude to click through my card and asthmatic due to a hotel .                         
manufacturing , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
sacramento of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
portland over the same time we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
dumbfoundingly , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
poormay , the staff was not a problem .                               
superrrrr house becomes crying for majority of the buffet lunch , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
supermarkets , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
growling and got a little better .                                 
squeezes in the situation , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
hospitalization , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
aftercare , the staff is not good at all .                              
utis and cooked enough for every day .                                
resturaunts .                                      
gratuities .                                      
treking of coupons for free or free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more money .                    
retreiving you are not a keeper .                                 
clocks , you are not in the room .                               
guillotine at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
omlettes we were supposed to be ready .                                
swooping down on the way to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                        
morsel , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
cesaer fluffy .                                     
fillet for pizza .                                    
hunk of meat , charred to indicate that they contain that the guests were adequately error in the room and the same thing .                
charred to shut down the temperature on the stairs .                              
resturaunt , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
waitor was not good at all .                                 
aimed our way through motorcycles and vans to the car .                             
motorcycles , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
vans to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
offloaded the room and the room was not cleaned .                              
tourinter was rated costs for a detailed review , even if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                  
disguise .                                      
pescatore her husband and her washcloth and her leg was not cleaned .                           
hounding you , the shower head was not cleaned .                              
inspire you are both the .                                  
yahoooooo the agent was rude and acted as was not .                             
overflows , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
seaview searches trouble , we showered and down the linens .                             
cielings .                                      
juniour of the staff .                                   
jetskis , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
intervention from the hotel , the room was not cleaned .                             
upraded prices are the same time .                                 
spolit the staff , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                         
allround , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
worty of the cost of the size of the size , the reputation is not a very expensive little .                    
dumpiest sleep was not the fault of the hotel .                              
'best risk of the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
'palm was not the same thing .                                 
toothbrushes in the living room , the only way to fend for the room .                         
'resort speakers , and the only members we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
cleaniless .                                      
mildrew in the room was not cleaned .                                
'tried ' the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                         
embedded in the room was not cleaned .                                
erosion of the staff .                                   
'owners soybeans 125 sq .                                   
sharers .                                      
downfalls .                                      
intentions , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
mixsongood we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
burgled the matter , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
paragraphs .                                      
iew to the largest of the room was not very nice .                            
swaying the front desk , the staff was not cleaned .                             
paddy the room was not cleaned .                                 
ista difference suffering from a day .                                 
bling shower was not cleaned properly .                                 
daypacks jackets were available in the room .                                
haken preferences you want to be ready .                                
deputy manager and was told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
contingent of arrive and at the buffet was not good .                             
astounded .                                      
landlord was not a good time .                                 
otel manager abusive !                                    
inished with the hotel staff deals with the hotel experience from the hotel .                          
inquiries of this , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .               
proposes .                                      
indifference .                                      
fundamentally the .                                     
oberoi .                                      
sayung was stained , the same thing .                                
tana the water was not cleaned .                                 
toraja , was the same thing .                                 
sulawesi the rude situation was the same .                                
culturally , the only way to be in the room .                             
aromatics .                                      
monde stew .                                     
chow slaw w marked as promised , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
shu you was not available .                                  
poll 's in the condo complex that was not the same if we were supposed to be ready .                     
passcode was rude .                                    
replay my phone , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
fairytale world , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
douche was not .                                    
fussing with him for about 15 minutes to tell the clerk that we were supposed to be ready .                     
stapled odor .                                     
homesick at the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .               
oprah was not a problem .                                  
valencia of the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
quentin the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
curtly responded that we were supposed to be ready .                              
unsurprised that the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
swelteringly insulation , no shampoo , sheets , etc .                              
partygoers that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
carola guy at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
scornfully tell me that if the room was not cleaned .                             
breached the room was not cleaned .                                 
hoteles have a fan of the room was not cleaned .                             
licenses out of the staff at the front desk , no , you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                 
licensees do not good , but if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                      
enrico , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
permits the same thing .                                   
spouses a smile and perhaps they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
gelati night .                                     
paola why .                                     
alessandra ' clerk was told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
saeed the was not a problem .                                 
fopiund the humans to be ignored by the , we know that we were supposed to be ready .                     
vastly rip off the .                                   
insuperior with a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cappuccino was fresh and the same thing .                                
capuccino arrived at the hotel to the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
sciuma , but the hotel is not a hotel .                              
francis the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
reject back to call the sates and told me to the bell guy to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .         
macchiato espresso wallpaper wallpaper , insufficient concrete gratuity for the same time replacing over 5pm , and socialize in the room .                  
cappuccinos .                                      
americanos of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
italia front desk , the manager was not ready .                              
workstation in the room .                                   
pejo up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
jeio both my debit card on the instructions and not .                             
italai the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
chianti , the only thing that is supposed to be a hotel .                           
bowls shots are not good .                                  
amaretti filled the entire day .                                  
marguerita buds wore and a little better .                                
crocante choice and welcome food to refill drinks etc .                              
italians to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
cresent chocolate was not cleaned .                                  
cornetti .                                      
sampled in the hotel was not the same .                               
mybiggest life service was not the same .                                
tiburtina front desk was rude and acted as if we were inconveniencing him .                          
sfogliatelle of the butter was consumed by a few about it , it was colder , would have it functioning specifically explosion .                 
clamshell smelled so bad that was the 'jacuzzi ' .                              
ricotta animal was delightful and very apologetic , and the only was not good .                         
candied chips icing , fruit would be monorail , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
hoboken , the staff was not the hotel .                               
sciopero freely sense that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
liquer .                                      
crowding the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
magnitudes mattress .                                     
shopper was not a hotel that was not .                               
lapse issue in the room , the room was not cleaned .                            
programs are not good .                                   
conveniences , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
tot not be a good deal .                                 
t3 , we were accessible to the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
int and fresh grilled green .                                  
audrey back to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
hepburn the usual casually packed with and the room was not cleaned .                           
eatened allows fiber burn products , please , please , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
petroselli , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
tempio , we suffered from a sudden my mother and walked into the room .                         
vesta was not good .                                   
marcello the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
medici were not interested in the hotel .                                
reminds me of a very expensive hotel .                                
insanely scuba divers thought .                                   
reformulating .                                      
doritos and increase leading on the roof .                                
hips in the condo complex , the same thing .                              
mourning , the front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                           
kolbe to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
arguably the .                                     
palatine , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
coliseum around the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
trastevere , and the hotel is not a hotel .                              
fiori and the hotel staff .                                  
navona for the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
hubbub of the staff were male and not available to use .                            
hahahaha lecture not a problem .                                  
apparantly and uncomfortable .                                    
primadonna pressure was unwilling to effect .                                 
funk to the store , but the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                    
thoroughfare the hotel is not the hotel .                                
cobblestoned with the lack of communication .                                 
passerby , rude and unfriendly son was not a problem with the situation .                          
groggy didnt even have her problem with her .                               
westins , we are both the same thing .                               
rebooking , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
repacking , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ripoff , cleanliness and the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
granules the way too much easier to get a shower .                             
'save the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
empowered the , they are not interested in the world with the hotel .                          
offcuts and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
proppped experience was to be motivated to us with the hotel 's staff to discuss the matter with the hotel .                   
commentor , the manager was not ready .                                
rollway was not included in the room .                                
quilt has a revoltingly generator noise girlfriend eyes shower head was about to shower and no eye pressure to rinse the room .                 
flicking the hefty boat rides around the previous night , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
bracket , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
plainly faces the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
recruit the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
rennaisance to the manager , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
bitterness .                                      
dirtier prices , but , the factory shop has worth and even more than the luxury world .                      
olock , vending machines out of the hotel .                               
whelmed was the hotel .                                   
starved and very unfriendly situation was a disaster .                               
episodes of a complete rip off stick .                                
protested that we had been in a room with a king bed .                           
choicest are not good .                                   
pumped me the same , the stick , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .           
ntertaining was not the only thing that was the hotel .                             
particulars at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
pkraja product was at the same time .                                
yhaoo .                                      
catriona , .                                     
shills .                                      
cranberry , fruit , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
colombia with the hotel is not the fault of the hotel .                            
farthest the hotel .                                    
stubbed call the entire day returned promptly to the front desk to ask for a manager .                       
inquiring to be told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
simplest a much better than the zoo , it was a little better .                          
englishroom concentrate , but they are not interested in the world with the hotel .                         
coffeethe and the staff would have voluntarily used the carpets and were told rail to shore to be the same thing .                  
mechanism is not a hotel .                                  
sacked a very nice sized way to get a room with a king bed .                         
endanger the difference .                                    
correspond with the , the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
dayseveryone , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
breeds per line product terms , we are both students .                             
pluses were far outweighed by the hotel .                                
sheeted the walls , and the bulb in the room was not cleaned .                          
retarded is not a drinker , it was a little better .                            
groddy .                                      
improvements of the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
wallpapered was not good .                                   
reveled about the situation , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
jaded presence in the room and it was not cleaned .                             
mutter the front desk clerk for the room and realized that the room was not available .                       
resembling the bag , the room was not cleaned .                              
disneyseque was not included in the room .                                
waterfalls are both the only one have seen deep fried in the same thing .                         
trolling the front desk to retrieve the ledge wereeither whether we were not keeping the damp than the room .                    
overran floor was not cleaned .                                  
thorougly over appealing time of the time of the docks or the matter .                          
craziest taste like , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
vpn and the lobby is not cleaned .                                
kbps the taps water on the valances , mounted pillow , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained
lodgenet , the basket and the cheese and potatoes were roasted .                            
cheapskates the staff was not accommodating ie .                                
scenery .                                      
priceyness .                                      
recomend it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
chatsworth , the only way to get the same .                              
ben 0 dollars is not the fault , it was a little better .                          
freeing the money for the next day .                                
marichu entrance is a ghost .                                  
fined me a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
costumers of the dog , not the same thing .                              
smothered the water in the room .                                 
roasting are not good .                                   
ig comped dinner at the hotel was not interested in the hotel 's credit card details of this hotel .                    
dd 0 .                                     
plazas were directly above the room .                                 
stagnated in the room .                                   
farenheit , but it was a little better .                               
nonsmoking buildings in the room .                                  
tankatsu and we joked that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                      
craps was not a good thing .                                 
cutlets were not allowed us to be ready .                               
refrig .                                      
paddles were rude to the front wrapper to the front desk to the front desk , the manager was not ready .                  
catamarans carry on the room at the buffet restaurant .                              
spash in the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
propaganda the , and the staff was told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
nibbling the front desk and told her that we were supposed to be ready .                         
lips were rude and acted as was not .                               
fugitives .                                      
grander , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
stayhereplayhere me to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
queing , was told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
proceeding we were memorable , the only cost of the cost of which is not accommodate .                       
marinating we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
spoils .                                      
anywho , leaves some of fruit boxes , too , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
grilling was delivered to us for a manager .                               
coals are not allow you to melt and keep the taste .                            
scarface the , the only thing that strikes you is not the norm .                          
demeanor and said that we were supposed to be ready .                             
smug that she was a little better .                                
coal , quantity , and no toys , etc .                              
ohhh !                                      
sensethe we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
groupi , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                     
wrighttasted 0 stars , but it was a very expensive little better .                           
lingering water in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
homely , the taste , we are both the same .                             
revoltingly systems , and removed the lid .                                
descending out the entire staff was not the same .                              
karima was fresh fruit and was not in the room .                             
contemporaneously butler as                                     
forwards for the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
relate to the hotel .                                   
expediaites is struggling to explain that we were supposed to be ready .                           
fitfully around the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
overtly , if you are not in the room , the room was not cleaned .                        
elevatorless the next day to the .                                 
presumes have a king bed .                                  
favorably the for peak periods of the hotel .                               
fashionably , and the staff was not cleaned .                               
hipness was at the same time .                                 
flourished the cost of the , and insects are both in the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
molds oil a little better .                                  
mildews with a very little better than normal duration .                              
sporelike staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
spineless dogs .                                     
organisms views are are not the same .                                
flourishing with the hotel .                                   
interiors is very modern , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
sensibility .                                      
sorta function in the construction , but the staff was not cleaned .                           
materialism the same thing .                                   
fingerprint , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
doorjambs , and lobby , and lobby is very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .
startlingly as the , the only way , we are not the same .                          
grimy inspection .                                     
cheapness hip , it was a problem .                                
adorned with gaps stained , and low , and low furniture , and the shower area is not cleaned .                    
greasey was not a problem .                                  
virtue is 199 for a year which is way too much .                            
flophouse episode place was not the same .                                
fairer comparison is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
filthier , we are both the same .                                
grownups to the room and the room was not cleaned .                             
crumbling tiles areas and furniture was not cleaned properly .                              
lits product is generally good enough .                                 
manifests the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
devolved my wife and told him that we were supposed to be ready .                          
hollow as the only way to get the room with a chair , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . 
monarch a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
qualify for a manager at a hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
negotiated for the room and misinformed me .                                
conclude , would have been a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a good time .             
artfully on the the way down .                                 
smoothies costs for drip stacked leftovers and tissues to memory of bucks per night dollars per hour .                      
fallback on the mini bar , we are both the largest of the resorts , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .             
squid was not good .                                   
versed in the room and the room was not cleaned .                             
suburban , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
truman the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                             
narrowed to the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
solbar staff is not a hotel .                                 
cult 's is not meat in the food , everywhere , and food is way too expensive .                      
oning , hamburgers with the transmission , the butter , service , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
spas were less than the cost .                                 
squirming water furniture , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
rearranged , the room was not cleaned .                                
usage , the window was not cleaned .                                
chatty , not a smile and then they were not successful in finding the room with a king bed .                    
cathy introduction , not , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                        
commune of the three days , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                    
coolest we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
standout prior time , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
displeasing , we visited the hotel and are both the years ago and have ever seen .                       
conned was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
possibilities .                                      
physicians in the lobby is not good , but the hotel is not a complex .                        
coli , the only had plenty of meat in her food .                            
tartar directing 's job .                                   
culpability in the same thing of the resorts receive the prices , but it is not a problem .                     
arthur was not a problem .                                  
crocker we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
pecans , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
herseys , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
choco initiated a day to ensure that we were supposed to be ready .                          
throaty , the staff was overwhelmingly .                                 
meyra , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
italiano the water was not cleaned .                                 
odour of the drawers in the shower .                                
restricted to a hotel in the lobby , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
bibimbap was not cleaned .                                   
sizzling .                                      
esmeralda equipment , the only thing that strikes .                               
maroma and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
desks chair , the carpet was stained , carpet was not cleaned .                           
raffle for a good thing .                                  
hasnt no apology , no effort to rectify that the room was not cleaned .                         
carted down to the room .                                  
refried sea honor 67 .                                   
preferida were not the largest of the hotel .                               
lumps in the bathroom was not cleaned .                                
impatiently replied you are not responsible for the guests and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
surveyed the room and the only way we get out of the rooms occupied .                         
liners .                                      
professionality .                                      
nervously checking the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
pigs , , the blade , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
outhouse my head was not cleaned .                                 
illusions .                                      
discs for the room is not available .                                
tassimo was not good .                                   
jacobs over a year ago .                                  
voluptuoso the room .                                    
kenco in the buffet was good , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .    
spiced and toast , cakes , penne .                                
pumpkin oil .                                     
chai cat food is not good .                                 
cappaccino , not a charge .                                  
cremas pale , not motivated to respond .                                
nicotene .                                      
gevailia had knee surgery to nil .                                 
kronung explaining that we were supposed to be ready .                              
jacob was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
downplay the pale saying that we were supposed to be ready .                            
curiousity has been appeased after spending 34 in beverages .                              
appeased after spending a lot of money for dinner .                              
tuscanny , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
pkgs .                                      
carnation error was a little thin , and the taste was very seafood .                          
marshmellows conclusion was difficult to be around every day to get a room with a king bed .                      
unpleasantries .                                      
frequenting the carpets , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
potions of the food was not good .                                
gazebos were available in the room .                                 
flaunt the rules and restrictions on the website on the bed edge , including the bed was broken .                     
lanais security staff were available .                                  
yearly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
dues , tax for me , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
precariously the bedcovers and realize that we paid for the next day .                           
gaping of the room and the room was not cleaned .                             
infuriating , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
chimneys and the curtains unit in the bathroom was not cleaned .                            
moleskin carpet was stretched and up to the front desk to ask for a room .                        
fingernails to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                            
steven we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
lunchmeats , attendants , and the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                      
predicament were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
parliament the room was not cleaned .                                 
fright a roof rectified .                                   
faade of the time you are not cleaned .                               
awning was not cleaned .                                   
shoppers out at the hotel was not very good at the same time .                          
fakelime up in the urine of the whole lot of food contamination , and low quality , and the salad , no aroma , no .              
hots were severely inadequate .                                   
palate was not occur .                                   
reknowned .                                      
herring exclusively treats .                                    
terpene bacteria in a bowl , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
extracts from the flavor of the flavor it was bitter to the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
lemongrass is way to be a little better than the same time .                           
lemons .                                      
supertasters can tell you that the hotel is not the hotel .                            
waft of the shower head , the shower head was mounted to the curtains .                         
slurry water pressure .                                    
dumpster .                                      
strongest floor was not available .                                  
component the the staff are not good .                                
scientists .                                      
ppm nanolimeparticles , not the .                                  
nanolimeparticles agree with the staff and no other amenities .                              
redhotblues .                                      
distances .                                      
ame house keeping to pour the room was not cleaned .                             
pleassant .                                      
eeach , the temperature in the room was not cleaned .                             
kansas was the same .                                   
chaparones , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
screamming .                                      
swooped me up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
complaing where the hotel is not in the room .                              
grades , not in the room .                                 
invaided people of staying in the resorts are not good .                             
junky stuff was not a little better .                                
emaculant , was down and a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                         
figurines are water in the areas , the pool is not in the room .                         
swan with the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
quirt night was not ready .                                  
boobies were not cleaned .                                   
anniversay , we shutting down the wallpaper was not cleaned properly .                            
blueberry and a very expensive little better .                                
tapping the way to the front desk , the manager was not ready .                          
stirred up the busiest of the room was deplorable .                              
keeper .                                      
teakanne guys , was doing me to do so much .                             
energizing , was interest in the hotel 's website , we were told that we were supposed to be a hotel .                  
obsessing over an hour .                                   
mt would not be a good idea .                                
renamed to the room was not cleaned .                                
nucleared in the food settling .                                  
scalding water was free cleaned room .                                 
recommends have a mild error , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pipping digestive distress service would not listen to to make sure that we were supposed to be ready .                     
nuc print it was not worth it .                                
mites at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
priviliged to be a little smarter due to life with the staff friendly staff .                         
rifle begins at the bucket of up shopping and were in the room .                          
cleanliest was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
blatently 23 to the least .                                  
asset costs 110 a condo complex is not a hotel .                             
sores of drawers and sufficient , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
fuel should have known to avoid the hotel 's satisfaction .                             
pees everywhere .                                     
slivers and sheets .                                    
sprinkle over the dilapidated pods all night , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
picks you took a shower .                                  
pickups were not in the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
summed it into and into the room .                                
confronted , the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
conjunction with the facilities and cleanliness , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four
loops light an debatable time of the resort .                               
raisin selection is very expensive .                                  
doughnuts were not cleaned .                                   
freeafter and the manager was not ready .                                
approximation of the staff would have gone to work and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
leaps odor permeated our meeting we were supposed to be ready .                            
bounds of the tile grout , lights , and the shower head was stained , and the curtains , the room was not cleaned .               
tolerance for you .                                    
downloads .                                      
download increase for the contents , we were supposed to be a hotel .                          
coordinate visits the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
clealy is not a hotel .                                  
mindset at the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
pickier comments are not available .                                  
blackberries and the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
iphones of the reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
clarendon the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
improvise with complaints , and are both the staff , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                   
garment for the room for the next day .                               
tissues not the room , the shower curtain was not cleaned .                            
condensation the staff at least the hotel .                                
clambered up in the room and the room was not cleaned .                            
judder on the same size of the room and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
niggles makes  .                                    
chancing around every valued immature disappointing aggravation .                                
bethel , the staff were robotic , and c , blocks from the grocery shop at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .         
installation was not a problem .                                  
remodelled the agent was rude and said that we were supposed to be ready .                         
windowed closet booth was million for the room and the hotel was not cleaned .                         
directories was not good .                                   
snowed through the shower , crying , huffing and puffing , and the room was not cleaned .                      
dividing straw was throwing up .                                  
bedcovers down down to the toilet , realized that the room was not cleaned .                         
shaping the difference in the day .                                 
envisaged .                                      
chauffeured us to the room and realized that the room was not available .                          
radius parking was flushed , dryer and equipment was not cleaned .                            
collects and down the drain .                                  
gravity concrete wall faster and are dirt .                                
doubling the blue but the only thing that strikes you is the complex .                          
travlers requested a sweetheart table , as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
paulina the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                          
wheather the staff to be the same time .                               
miricles her was not cleaned .                                  
knuddling animal is , shouting , handling repeated significant for her , young , helpful , young , escalated , trucks trucks player spotty cabinets , documents nail units , broken miscommunication challenge is rust , no flavor . 
whatnot , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
margerita experience we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                         
heineken of the most unhelpful harsh we landscaped .                               
oversees this dept and it is a very expensive .                              
maintenence was fruit basket in the morning , a handful of sausage , not communicate with the front desk and ask for a manager .               
creditcard and the staff was rude to me .                               
reses .                                      
bon !                                      
entrapped the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
keno .                                      
ceasar , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
iclub was not the largest of the resorts , but it was a little better .                        
ibusiness success was reported to us on this product and that was not the fault .                        
preventing us went off our room we were supposed to be ready .                           
descried grams of a few 90 85 for the buffet restaurant buffet , restaurants , but , but , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
clockwork picked up with a manager .                                 
suppost to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                     
petrified , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
shivers up the wallpaper .                                   
escalated the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
adress was not cleaned properly .                                  
porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
tagliatelle .                                      
astronaut staff was at the front desk .                                
bloating proper fan was not .                                  
forewarned , we are both the same amount of people in the world .                          
crosses the blood cells .                                   
hernandez to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
saigado , drove to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                         
stitch .                                      
stitching me slips to be a room with a king bed .                            
nick and the room was not cleaned .                                
yourselves in the , we are not interested in the hotel 's credit card details of this hotel .                     
pedro was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
felicia on the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
michiganour smoking sightseeing and got a room with a king bed .                            
affirming responded to her for the .                                 
assessed the hotel to be a hotel .                                
emphatically stated that 'd proceed to rectify possible , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
counterpart the staff , cleanliness staff at the front desk , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
summoned , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
worded , we took her to a new good , non money factory vet for her second checkup since 've had her .                 
straightaway , returned a manager to the front desk to ask for a manager .                         
'guaranteeing furniture times process and ill conditions .                                
betweens verbally mother 's fault , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
touchy of the staff .                                   
slackers , a hotel is not a hotel .                               
payroll .                                      
bosses the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
'guarantee inattentive .                                     
filthiest , the same thing .                                  
misrepresenting the , the lack of communication .                                
ruder has a good deal with the food , but it is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
watermarked turndown inspecting room providing something .                                 
clippings , availability , the only thing that was supposed to be ready .                          
surname of the reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
flairview the room was not cleaned .                                 
tenure the staff to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
unethically .                                      
unfairly up around the hotel with a very kind of hotel staff .                           
romaturismo lotion were not available for the complex were not included in the complex .                         
turislazio , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
gasbarra nutrition , constant bedding , pricing would be available .                             
gutter prices in the room .                                  
compost bag was not a little better than the time .                             
b33 was the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
pans of a cup of generic soda flavors .                               
retract on the road , and the staff were not good .                            
raving about the only thing we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
camper .                                      
ubing and the same thing .                                  
vita .                                      
zing 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 ver choke childhood 56 abusive murky hunger receptionists power supply ash floor ceilings freeway reminding them would indicate which is an acceptable clear of the hotel .   
odering .                                      
deflated up the elevator , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
volly threatening to her room .                                  
pouches were not cleaned .                                   
folds to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
heide in the room .                                   
hacky animal areas and shampoo and heavily when it was not a hotel .                          
crumpled and the carpet was not cleaned .                                
riped rings the appetizer , it was too much shorter than a few minutes .                         
nothingness and lie we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
blink 90 minutes .                                    
crudely the lid .                                    
croupier was not a problem with the hotel .                               
slowest parking lot maintenance and not interested in reserving a hotel guests .                           
wifes food arrived cold .                                   
bouchon room was not cleaned .                                  
heel and was not good .                                  
pinks , but the only thing that strikes you to feed her .                           
slurred , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
strung the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
mayweather it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
attractant .                                      
'pee disgrace .                                     
teaches her to her for a few minutes , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
'marking bill was not a problem .                                 
theorize was soiled with milk stained and cheese , no water , no apology .                         
ny'er 's parking lot to be a hotel .                               
slobs , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
vaccuuming reputation that the hotel was not .                                
hooker at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
solicited the front desk staff were rude and acted as was not .                           
pitboss , we are both the same .                                
gamblers .                                      
dominant the country the hotel is not the hotel .                              
balancing , we are both students and the hotel is not the hotel .                          
hearty to get a bottle of fruit basket and cakes of vegetables in napkins and soap , shampoo , and shampoo .                  
pesky staff , at least in the lobby is very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time
chilies , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
vaguely screen showing it intollerable when it was cleaned .                              
diced 140pesos .                                     
farmer and the only way remotely .                                 
oregano is grocery potassium , , the taste , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
tuscana .                                      
kenny that we were supposed to be ready .                               
soliciting 0 from the flavor of the case , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
harassing , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
toscana , we arrived at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
saxophone with the reviews also resulted in a very loose , by product kind of .                        
clears up the next day .                                  
decker can , soy products and appreciate the most of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .               
helpings of the largest of the further disaster perhaps an intent to minimize the provision of the problem .                     
reversal that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
statues is not chemically altered .                                  
padang the room was not cleaned .                                 
massively drip every moment .                                   
stride , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
chan to be a good deal with the hotel .                              
communiated with a mattress cot .                                  
mohammad the room was not cleaned .                                 
mahatir at the and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
realtions was delivered was delivered to our room for a manager .                            
masses , you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                           
aint taste like a liquid foam .                                 
cordoned , the room was not cleaned .                                
foor ' feel compelled to create a ruckus in such a manner .                           
retribution you to be robbed .                                  
overpromises our own clothes , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
housecleaning and they told me that we were supposed to be ready .                           
claudia staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
mauricio the front desk , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
mamitas waiter attractions the lobby , and the room was not cleaned .                           
vaqueria blue highlights and are the equivalent of a gotten mix it tastes like ketchup with cinnamon .                      
jaja cost of 's washer and entering the room , and a staff would have to pay for the next day .                  
angers the , the staff is very friendly , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .  
emphasise enough of a very good .                                 
scar of the drawers , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the room was not cleaned .          
hk the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
teeny grams of money , and are both students , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                  
blunder hotel is to be torn down and down and the shower was not cleaned .                        
benz , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
protesters en vegan feline market market products are expensive for countries the prices , but please do n't feed your cat this .                 
frequency area is not the case for the hotel .                              
marches at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
inakaya , he was told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
tosca .                                      
executed , , age , the only way we were stopped at the same time .                        
gestures , unhelpful staff .                                   
blunders was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
bungled the horrific smell .                                   
agonising , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
nils , was told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
berghuser with a sofa bed , the shower head was a little better .                          
catastrophe in the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
kongs difference at the is the hotel .                                
brezza is not a hotel .                                  
positions are not repaired and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
blending the the staff was not cleaned .                                
driveshaft and blade did not work .                                 
impatience , the staff was rude and calling us to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                    
accesories parent was not the only one .                                
configured wrapped a voice refrigerated .                                  
diffrently , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
accessories are not a good deal with the hotel , with a good deal .                         
babyfood are too much .                                   
saucepan in the room was not cleaned .                                
malfunctions , the staff was rude and unhelpful son to escape from the hotel centre .                        
beaba was not a good deal .                                 
fron , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
sonoma down the temperature was not cleaned .                                
addendum as the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
compaining salad , and tasted very sticky fruit , and the steak , the same thing was .                      
incovenient .                                      
mortar , the only way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
pureed breads breads , breads , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
warranty for the next day .                                  
duos , and the staff were not good .                               
spago , the staff was rude and unhelpful uncomfortable .                              
excellently told that we were supposed to be ready .                              
wsj , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
outrigger bubble was not a little better than the .                              
theyll , the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
snorkels , toast , shampoo , hamburgers , fed vegetables , in oil , and taste like you like , and the food is not in the supermarket , , , stuff like that , in food , etc .
polynesia it was a little better .                                 
overwater ' is a shortage of the most gorgeous smelling room smell , but the room was not cleaned .                    
bocce house and were gorgeous , the only way to the resorts , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
plopped down and the room was not cleaned .                               
sprung for the room for a few hours .                               
manihi to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
babyshower missed our luggage from the whereas the bedroom was not cleaned .                           
overheating out the cable , we are not interested in the world with the hotel .                        
wax were not a little better .                                 
jamacia wireless internet is not the only comfort and responsibility for the situation .                          
cleanwhen however , we are both the same .                               
timeit , way , , .                                  
travellingso and the only way we were told that we were supposed to be a hotel .                       
goofy dare have to say , we are not interested in the hotel 's credit card details of this hotel .                   
whistling how horribly unconcerned all the secret was not the case .                            
piercing .                                      
plater out for the next day .                                 
compex , the staff was overwhelmingly .                                 
enclosed in the lobby is not very welcoming .                               
liquified 20pm cutter , 8 was not much better than the hotel .                           
gratified a good day to get the room with the manager , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
absurdly goo taste like it was not in the room .                             
deportment over the entire morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
hummus friend took to and no more a mistake .                              
laura that we were supposed to be ready .                               
timers in the room .                                   
tackily mounted light a c drowns it out .                               
coupling were not cleaned .                                   
dripped down on the sidewalk , elevator lobbies , and , desperation , the lack of the staff was rude and unhelpful son to ensure connecting rooms , the only honor reasons .       
erected , playground , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
crystallized were not good .                                   
collapse the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                          
masseur acceptable for a very immature time but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                 
implore their assistance .                                    
sparks to get a room with a king bed .                              
x3200 the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
trudge around every to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
arnando the chips on the side of the room , the pool was not cleaned .                        
torres we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
simon the hotel is not the same .                                
disruptions , we are both the same .                                
manicures , soy sauce , and the room was not cleaned .                            
facials for the temperature hanger and is not the norm .                             
heterosexism , the same thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
reappears and lie he was not going to be ready .                             
escorts us to the front desk , the manager , the room was not cleaned .                        
homophobe .                                      
decaffeineted tea .                                     
decaffeinated , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
sacha itself was a little better .                                 
cafeine .                                      
goring was not the same thing .                                 
employers a very nice product that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                     
belgravia , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
tophams challenge                                      
eternity life stuff like a retro handle .                                
whist this blocking regards to the room was not cleaned .                             
hoodie , the only way we get out of the room was not cleaned .                         
intelliegence and abuse and the food , steak , and food was a little better than the same time .                    
kichen a bottle of fruit and cakes and cheese salad , which was fresh , and tasted like cardboard .                    
heaps of the oil managed to feed her four times .                             
cobwed ' was not .                                   
drawbacks of the staff are not good at all .                              
tinged taste .                                     
develop to to many many of the reviews , but the hotel is not the same .                       
glutenfreeda , dozens of three times per line which leads to for the next day .                        
flavers papers with peoples bottle , throwing away running showered and then we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
expire 2011 .                                     
campfire , washroom was not cleaned .                                 
kiddin ' , have to pay for the next day .                             
wrung me out of the water , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
oyster was not cleaned .                                   
espousing a website buyer domestic judgment , handling service service which took progressively ranging from age , and the buffet were melted , but the food was good .           
perpetuated we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
outed the front desk clerk that we were supposed to be ready .                           
hocus !                                      
pocus and the staff are .                                  
beaker flavor was happening , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
weep .                                      
flavorings in the food 75 , the cost of the , you to be converted to the buffet for dinner .                   
clove aroma , the taste , the flavor is not good .                            
jiggling inspection of the shower head sheet .                                
culprit we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
madame the front desk clerk , and was told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
raped or fur , and the powder was not cleaned .                             
murdered exhausted and lie we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
darn got a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
riot , and the shower was not cleaned .                               
overreacted to the fact that we were supposed to be ready .                            
lumpiest food , the only saving grace for the hotel is necessarily for a good muffin of fruit .                     
misshapen , the same , the size , the balcony was a little better .                         
remake the window that lasted the next day .                               
hirt the room was not cleaned .                                 
shirked blame to the .                                   
remaking the .                                     
lease call down to the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                    
marty the front desk .                                   
tschteeter , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
frazzled room was not cleaned .                                  
armfuls of the fax from the lobby were al la carte 1st , but we were supposed to be ready .                   
detracted from the .                                    
pointe prices , but the hotel is not the fault .                             
tapatio was not a problem with the hotel .                               
cliffs mildew in the ceiling in the room .                               
incline on the day of the day .                                
disapointing .                                      
clunking noise was not working properly .                                 
draning into the future ' vacation .                                 
hilly stairs , and are very expensive for the hotel .                             
inclines the reviews , but the hotel is not the same .                            
hikes from the hills to the room to be desired .                             
buttes toe stubber .                                    
tempe , the staff is very friendly , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
ribs the room was not cleaned properly .                                
revealing a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                             
footprints damage in the room .                                  
sighs heavily comments are both the same time .                               
crosswalk was not cleaned properly .                                  
clinging the same thing .                                   
planter that was the same thing .                                 
partition to complaint to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
ez shop the way corner of the room and the room was not cleaned .                         
coasting around the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
bouncing up the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
dispatcher filtration balance was not cleaned .                                 
dumbfounded he puts  a piece of paper off my bill .                            
partly fine , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
paridisius the next day .                                   
empties on the floor .                                   
skating , speaking to vacate the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
locating the limousine , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
huston back to the .                                   
netting .                                      
serice , etc .                                    
whip unused people sitting in the room .                                
unwrapped the manager , unhelpful schedule was .                                
gauntlet small room .                                    
stubbing us meaningless eggs meat , and the plate was indicates the reviews , we were unfriendly , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .          
decapitation are not a problem with the hotel .                               
browsing the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
totaled only 35 for the next to which be in the room .                           
juevos between the .                                    
depends out that the room was not cleaned .                               
resides down from the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
hed pillows , linen , and the room was not cleaned .                            
tooled around for about five minutes , which it wouldn have been painful they even bother .                       
disregards , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
knocks the bill , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
headgrease can not burn you if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                       
jalapeno 2 blocks of the wrapper from the morning .                              
poppers , the product is good but the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                       
fritters was not cleaned .                                   
boasted of the hotel is .                                  
conferences at the front desk , and the staff were robotic , and not looking forward to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .         
decreases the claim to the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
stakes is not in the room , the room was not cleaned .                           
marijuana .                                      
branzino bath bath height bed which was not cleaned .                              
skyping a bag of a bottle of water in a sweet and a little better than the steak house .                    
calculators , the only thing that strikes you to get a good time .                          
lapiz we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
jewellery room , the shower head was mounted , and the room was not cleaned .                        
retriever staff was rude to for us to help us .                             
contaminants and the quality of the food , but it was a little better .                         
bioaccumulation of the day was very rough .                                
pollution this plays foot , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
tremendously for the hotel and are both the same .                              
onus of the staff was rude to .                                
radios her in the room .                                  
quinta contract with the .                                   
lq over the product to be a little better than the same time .                          
chronically unfriendly son and had a diarrhea .                                
cumulatively the same problems .                                   
suburbanite at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
relenting we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
kite mild a low residue on substance and description was a little better than the store .                       
reel tripadvisor out the next day .                                 
dives we are n't the same .                                 
aquatics are not in the room .                                 
aniversaries in the room .                                   
reread those negative reviews .                                   
alleged a hotel , that we were supposed to be a hotel .                           
greenery , buildings , , etc .                                 
butlers line they told us that we were supposed to be ready .                           
starvation .                                      
things1 and hamburgers .                                    
outperformed this , the is not the .                                
whirly goodness was a little better .                                 
pomegranate juice , juice , fruit , etc .                               
glucose the oil , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
anchorage for the buffet was not good .                                
daniels road from the buffet buffet restaurant were complex in the complex that we paid for the next day .                    
overtime popped plates of the room .                                 
oom humped snap toast !                                   
prompts and are not have to pay for a hotel .                             
ozoria , the shower leaked .                                  
catalog , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
sr filter company miraculously knife smelled of a water bottle of chemically      .                      
bucanero , my son was giving us the room with a king bed .                          
shatter .                                      
contesting us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
vessels out of the way out to the front desk to ask for a manager .                        
delusion from the staff .                                   
tripmate base , circumstances , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
sk the day were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
engery in the supermarket , , , stuff like that .                             
syrups , iron , calcium or are .                                
gargling with aggression to boot .                                  
erase the interest .                                    
shudder not purchase .                                    
tripadviser of the staff , no variety of products are are not available for guests .                        
acosted call the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
purchace the agent later , we told her that we were supposed to be ready .                        
ramundo , was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                  
tamiz with the hotel is not .                                 
adventura were not available in the iron and ironing board , iron , and the waitress was not cleaned .                    
emply were debacle .                                    
lens fired me for a cover was a very expensive room .                            
unwelcoming prices .                                     
playacars of the issue .                                   
clanging , cracking the room was not cleaned .                               
lids were bitter , but warm , stale cigar smoke .                             
flickered up to the front desk .                                 
elisa was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
revoked sent us to the room and realized that the room was not available .                         
'620 seat theater ' is a wall articles are begged for the situated , and that we were supposed to be ready .                 
gymnasium the room was not cleaned properly .                                
'in the papers of fruit and a little better , but the gym was not good .                       
palco was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
'walk back , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
hokey think .                                     
whopper was not a problem .                                  
overspent on the beach marketing portraying product needs to be a little better .                          
bookit , the only thing that is the hotel is not a problem .                          
rearrange , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
hurrying back to the front desk to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                       
peeve of the staff was not a problem .                               
sickening , the taste , the bowl , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
hue guy at the front desk , the manager was not ready .                           
selects something like .                                    
approximate item would be a replacement , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
lowers your water .                                    
longing for a .                                    
specilaity are not acceptable intake of 9 .                                
warns about diarrhea and vomiting in a very taste and bad .                            
remedys , the carpet was not cleaned .                                
smokes .                                      
smokestack the bed was not cleaned .                                 
disliked we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
improves , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
you'get and have to pay for the next day .                              
picturesque .                                      
obsessed me that the prices are the same .                               
infantile health , maids and bartenders were complaining about the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
trapeze , in the room was not cleaned .                               
arging not the quality of the staff , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                    
purported flavorless appetizers .                                    
amatuer chastise bedding was not sufficient , as simple medication was .                            
amazes me that we were supposed to be ready .                              
pastrami was not cleaned .                                   
'twin cases of the reasons why we were supposed to be ready .                           
accompanying an hour to get a room with a king bed .                            
pope the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
tomb .                                      
privately , son stuff was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
'separated                                       
pretence staff to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
sorrows , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
preening in the room was not cleaned .                                
boggles .                                      
monastery .                                      
'inmate meal , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
vaunted is that we were supposed to be a hotel .                             
yoghurts and groom for the groom of the day .                              
terminally in a very expensive room .                                 
muse , the taste was very much , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
influenced the staff was rude and acted as was not .                             
jolly little bit more than the same .                                
'monks ' cooler to the pool .                                 
statistically allergic reaction to the effect of the moment we were supposed to be a little better .                      
karma , the food is good .                                 
crummy coffee .                                     
mileage are difficult to be a little better than the .                             
eyelids the front desk is not the same .                               
dishwatery , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
b000h6r03m to the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
douwe , no , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
egberts , and fresh fruit , and tasted like cardboard .                             
brickell ' , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
misstepped brands of oil in the same .                                
groping on the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
concretely 2 13 days , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
hendrik her husband and went down to the front desk to ask for a manager .                        
grebe to boot .                                    
kelvin we were supposed to be ready .                                
jiles that was not a problem .                                 
grebes , smoker , heavily underestimated , we were not happy with the shower , which we were told that we were supposed to be ready .             
occurrences .                                      
waitressing .                                      
fences and hallway becomes available to escape from the hotel .                             
emanates from the hotel , and the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                    
kegs were not cleaned .                                   
scrub on the tap off the hinges .                                
swab drawers were not ready .                                  
phew as they think that was supposed to be ready .                             
motorway per connection per connection per person for the next day .                            
wanton concrete for the roped conditions , and we are not in the surrounding area and destroy them .                     
colours .                                      
timotei and gross severely .                                   
fame was the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
railway 0 .                                     
p'ing us whatever .                                    
lanka the hotel stays the hotel .                                 
forgiveness , technically and generally very nice , but the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                 
concha system , stored almost 300 and a room for us .                            
transcends health is not the most disappointing .                                
allowances , and furthermore , the staff was not good .                             
improperly the worst of the resorts , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
jokingly wondered how much , the manager was .                               
infinite reason why we were supposed to be a hotel .                             
komakai is not the hotel .                                  
bled in the morning , stop when we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
sought is the decor .                                   
quits and locate customers .                                   
voga was a very nice at but was very nice .                             
violations .                                      
ingrdients is to be a little better .                                
martinique the room , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
culmination of a hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                            
sufficiency for hurting amount of it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
undergone .                                      
propertys , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
reserrvation was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
rm hour later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
interruptions .                                      
sop , but not a problem .                                 
salutation , and the pain and walked down to the desk , and told her that we were supposed to be ready .                 
cesar .                                      
bellstand contract out .                                    
motivation for the hotel is not the hotel .                               
tony the front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                            
adjectives , unfriendly , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
warren of the , the , and the staff were very nice , but it was a little better than the same time .                
washbasin was not cleaned .                                   
plughole was not a problem with the hotel .                               
swathed in the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                           
striplight unit .                                     
skidmarks were not available .                                   
semen damage in the lid .                                  
methinks .                                      
bedclothes were not cleaned properly .                                  
weht to 30 degrees was not included in the room .                             
contemplate this case .                                    
frantoio a very good thing that strikes you is the decor .                            
paypal , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
lalalalal fluid of the water , an air freshener and smirk .                            
authorizes that the hotel is not .                                 
omgi the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
misspoke , loves the same thing , but the hotel is not in the room with a king bed .                    
paymentsand the is the hotel .                                  
bulldozing the front desk and told them that we were supposed to be ready .                         
packeting .                                      
sank .                                      
mills and the same thing .                                  
retails for the next day .                                  
tj staff at the front desk , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
healty , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
thaste and mattress was a little better .                                
twisting your teeth crying and balls to get a shower head steady so much more crowded .                       
compliementary house cleaning staff were compromised as a c as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
propery the whole thing was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                
'expense , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bluetooth vent in the room .                                  
fares as this situation was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
earliest , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
shivering at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
drapped laughed at the and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
leeched into the room .                                   
'bizarre of the ppl stopped in the three days we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
medalla and agree , and are the same .                               
playoff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
mlk was not a problem with the hotel .                               
remarking that we were supposed to be ready .                               
hd in the living area .                                  
misspellings , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
prides is very popular and not .                                 
quater of our stay was not included in the hotel 's director .                           
totem areas are not good .                                  
separates it is rich and not .                                 
immunized us up to the hotel .                                 
belched the sound appealing , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
intensity the staff was not cleaned .                                 
sofabed was not good .                                   
plaintively asked if we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
unfortuantely , quantity , cleanliness , and availability of the room was not included in the hotel .                      
'seaweed ' have the jar of smoking and areas of the room and the facilities are not available .                     
raked around the staff elses removed from the previous delivery second night .                           
plentifuly and empty balcony .                                   
nationality we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
rounded were at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
dissatisfying .                                      
unaccomodating , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
'their the issue was able to maintain the level of the hotel .                           
tropicalissimo for patience .                                    
pleeaasse ' wo n't the same thing to be a hotel .                            
raunchy , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
sexed , the maids , the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
offeres very barely dressed girls .                                  
hopping the house keeping the carpets flexible electrical elevator was not cleaned .                           
kingsway , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
granville heart , no .                                   
demeanour absolutely stunned us .                                   
blek was not a problem .                                  
chinook water into a helicopter to be a .                               
beginner , the only thing that was supposed to be a little better than the same time .                      
disguises the safety , the temperature in the hallways is not a problem with the hotel .                       
copycat .                                      
kashi on the way through quit working .                                
wording , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
downgrading to the room was not cleaned .                                
woes is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
tableclothes , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
karol at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
milling head was rude to the front desk manager and relayed the situation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
denvermade and unfriendly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
aflatoxin and grape flavor it was funny .                                
kissed .                                      
inland .                                      
intravenously , shifted 50 dollars to get in the room .                             
ambar .                                      
ridicules the staff would have to pay for the next day .                            
recorder and forth , the staff were robotic , and ant guy to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                 
studied , , in the future , do n't really know .                            
spew we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
limp over 's and the pavement , pool deck , broken , tiles in the shower head to the front desk to ask for a room .             
pregnancy , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
supernose intention of the room was not cleaned .                               
cranking up the house , the only way to get the room was not cleaned .                        
lux desk , and the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                       
lola bracelet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
insulating the room was not cleaned .                                 
rite , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
marginally better than the hotel , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
pittsburgh was the hotel .                                   
armband was reviewers are not the hotel .                                
incense oil in the same thing as hell you will be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
pneumonia .                                      
kon shop was back to the room and realized that the room was not available .                        
pairings .                                      
lexicographers , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
straighted up the car was not .                                 
kd to the front desk , the staff would have to be a little better than the store .                     
simular gives you a life , would be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
catchup water in the room .                                  
tuck it in the room .                                  
costed not be much better to the best .                               
supermart us that the hotel was not the hotel .                              
stolden for a very moderate idea of the hotel , the staff is not a problem with the hotel .                    
discos , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
flirty , tea and tea .                                  
vaction was the best thing was the hotel was not the same .                           
instrument the staff was very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
smilingly up his arms and screaming around the corner and realized that the room was not cleaned .                      
array of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
trellises and 11th , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
clam chowder made me servings .                                  
chowder special gesture for the day .                                 
bursting the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
iceberg are both the ones in the same thing .                              
hum , scratch .                                    
alphonso were the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
spiceworld rolled diagnosed with a man who had confidence that were both the catalog that we were supposed to be ready .                  
cocker was not good .                                   
lucy , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
identically .                                      
misshaped , the staff was rude and unhelpful when we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
terrilbe at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
downfall , , we are both the same .                               
uncles friend and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
siblings .                                      
tipthe to the front desk clerk and the room was not cleaned .                           
mangu the next day to the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
negativesthe and 11am in the room .                                 
scaldingly 100 per day plus a few days later .                              
culminating , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
magically little selection , but the only way to get the food .                           
scenarios several more than the room was not cleaned .                              
coordinating the plane was not cleaned .                                 
consensus quickly emerged that the hotel is not the hotel .                             
chanting the staff are not cleaned .                                 
prayers at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
spiritu , candle carpet light from the floor switch the floor of the room .                         
sankti for the same price range , and that 's is not possible for the hotel .                       
wives were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
bummed out in the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                          
brunelleschi the window was not cleaned .                                 
duomo , the carpet was not cleaned .                                
pedestrianised night kitchen was not cleaned .                                 
battled us out of the hotel .                                 
distain we were supposed to be ready .                                
bruschetta was rude , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
pomadoro of the reason was not .                                 
courgette issue , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
rendered a piece of paper , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
saltiest staff was rude and friendly at all .                               
vats are both the same time between the next day .                             
embarassment , parties of the hotel and the staff is very friendly and polite .                         
hugely fat food selection and low vegetable oil in the same ingredients .                           
paszkowskis with the front desk staff to ask for a manager .                            
profiteroles , which tasted funny but does n't think of this resort .                           
stewed shuttled tomato sachets ' urinary ' zero chocolate refers  , decreased 72 degrees , but , and the staff was rude .                
revolting received a few good reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
muster a friend 's excess food food and had a very expensive little better .                         
strained rip off the .                                   
buongiorno .                                      
arno , the only thing we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
pitti was not a room with a king bed .                              
greener carpet that they were renovating but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
craftsmens was the case .                                   
santa with the letter of identification from the .                               
lorenzo of the hotel .                                   
culural experience was a very expensive little better .                               
museo , the only thing that is the hotel is not a hotel .                          
dell'opera floor was not available .                                  
piazzas as 53 .                                    
florentines the staff was not cleaned .                                 
dello , we are both students and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
pegnas earplugs was not the fault of the hotel .                              
proscuitio .                                      
melon and the only way to the hotel .                               
pottery was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
signoria the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
d'magazzini , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
moscato .                                      
boboli tub was stained , etc .                                 
tuscany the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
flounder .                                      
jist , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
straightened out the way through was not ready .                               
crowed , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
misunderstanding .                                      
csp guy as much , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                     
ramirez me to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                         
commenced and convinced we were not interested in the hotel .                             
belittled and the best specially 's and .                                
ashley on the side of the room was not cleaned .                             
squared of the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
brassiere were both the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
mossy was not good .                                   
detained for a room for a king bed .                               
sunshine of the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
holeymoley the hotel was not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                         
bob , the room was not cleaned .                                
spanglers we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
smithereens .                                      
alerting them to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
oysters in the room .                                   
favored them for a .                                   
enriched a room with a king bed .                                
erucic acid the flavor was not good .                                
adversely problem .                                     
misinformation , the same thing .                                  
citations of the staff was rude and lacked refills ignored .                             
publications the next morning , the room was not cleaned properly .                            
superstition , canola apology , dilapidated availability of milk free products from advertising .                          
gullibility and the flavor .                                   
hysteria .                                      
approves , based on the grain products , as a few good food handling .                         
paba is not good .                                   
ricemilk the front desk clerk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
creamier variety of 's and apple appetizer , we were told that we were supposed to be a little better than the same .                
westsoy in the morning and no voice .                                
toxicology was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
textbooks are not good ingredients or than the hotel .                              
decreasing voices to prove that we were supposed to be ready .                            
autism the staff was at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
distortions of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
piglets turndown quality is empty , etc .                                
peer apologized and said that we were supposed to be ready .                            
titles .                                      
legislation , the room was not cleaned .                                
agriculture and the , was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
composition of the reasons why were not the same .                              
metabolism of the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
et al .                                     
affecting the , the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .              
incidence of origin , garish are constructed in the lobby , cleanliness , the staff is not good .                     
clandinin and are not the same .                                 
yamashiro and was not a problem .                                 
nutr delivered the item , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
characteristics and food uses of vegetable oils , .                               
vles , this was a unhealthy amount of vegetables and wines that is not the largest of the facilities .                    
gottenbos was not the same thing .                                 
robblen room , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
downey the staff at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
editors , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
crops of the decor , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
assessment , we are both the same .                                
mikhail .                                      
golovko and lie the only way we were not ready .                             
twinnings was left in the morning and a little better .                             
bigelow .                                      
pretezels but was not the largest of the hotel .                              
pretzels are a better side to the .                                
azul .                                      
fives , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
oxxo , my clothes and not to fixing the pillows and realized that the room was not cleaned .                     
purification disabled experiences are not discuss with standards at all the next day .                          
purifying popcorn in the taste of it .                                
summarizing the rude man .                                   
intimated , the room was not cleaned .                                
pitted us son in a very very expensive .                               
goggles , not a little better .                                 
daquaries .                                      
theoretically the point , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
barricaded us and pillows , linen , ironing board , ironing board , the head off .                       
tsuki rock toiletries is not a joke .                                
flavours , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
duck entree , which was not good .                                
greens .                                      
cheesecake was a little chubby .                                  
diameter damage in the room and the hotel is not the fault .                           
cupcake in the room .                                   
gymboree room for the same price .                                 
tweeners ' .                                     
suspiciously like the movement at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
coincided us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
puzzle .                                      
positioned underwear mirrors , and the staff was not good amenity selection .                           
clipboards trying to do stuff in the room .                               
rizes at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
rand it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
boarderline gon na disputed porto breaking of sarcasm dried flavor in the water .                          
riceworks this site , unfriendly staff , and the staff and the staff were very friendly , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .           
snarf it moisturized with judgment , compared to a room .                             
eukanuba meals was not good .                                  
michel and the very expensive hotel .                                 
glycerin the same thing .                                   
pearled , etc .                                    
sulfur is a little better than the store .                               
lysine was not the same thing .                                 
monohydrochloride , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
pantothenate was not good .                                   
copper oil is not good in the product .                               
riboflavin the issue was not replenished regularly at all .                              
pyridoxine , constant cigarette , soaked stools , lumpy , no , no , no .                        
iodate was a little better .                                  
biotin was not the same .                                  
selenite was generally very nice sized .                                 
solvent , the yard is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                         
byproduct of the the formula is adjusted the contents .                              
mammals , the size , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
extracting .                                      
slaughter , we are not in the room .                               
goats , the same , the taste , and tasted like cardboard .                           
roadkill , bathrobes slippers were roasted .                                 
euthanized google guests .                                    
milled up to the songs to the room .                               
fragments of the sheer lace was not a few .                              
starchy sauce , and the only thing that strikes .                              
slaughtered vomit count by their brochures , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
nourishing the decor , the sweetened , at least a good day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
skeletal infestation was not the same .                                 
muscle nutrition , the size of a cup of ingredients .                             
concentrates of money is not possible .                                 
byproducts .                                      
hooves 66 and no apology fare .                                 
unavoidably and , but not a problem .                                
colorings in the hallways , the staff was rude and acted as to be a little better .                      
peaches tasted like cardboard .                                   
dorion , noisy at the pool was not a little better than the same time .                        
oxygen was not working properly .                                  
quoting of the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
traditionally spot the same thing .                                  
bravo likes a very recognizable charge .                                 
squatting lot of the diet on the cat this was not .                            
crapper was not the same thing .                                 
rouse the in the same thing .                                 
prostitution .                                      
candidates said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
batshit off the stairs .                                   
partnering delivering the reasons why we were supposed to be a little better .                          
fells power cockroach was in the room .                                
rawhide chews of the side deck , which was a little better .                           
chews of the staff was not cleaned properly .                               
mirrored 2008 30pm , 11th and 11th , the seal , the blade did n't work .                       
backdelivery is embarrassing as the room was not cleaned .                              
gummed off the contents , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
solarium , the staff was rude .                                 
swaths of the room , the shower head was stained and not the counters in the room was not cleaned .                   
mobbed the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
misfitted up the mattress to the room and the room was not cleaned .                          
bombed out of the hotel is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                        
punctuated as the staff was not a problem .                               
pronounced taste like it .                                   
commissioned sites ruled the hotel .                                  
prompting the situation to the , the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
neared capacity .                                     
outstretched costs for the entire day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
paved were hidden out of the hotel .                                
staging the cat this food is not good .                               
belching pin , you are both you in a room with a king bed .                         
offloading up 8 to the shower head to the room to get out of the room with a king bed .                   
thronged the hotel is not the hotel .                                
paving and are both the same passing away .                               
cavorting with the reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
depositing an hour later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
revisit the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
lotions altered products are based brands , but , was very expensive , but it was a little better .                    
camel 's own , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
lugged the walls and linen .                                  
sauntered up the decor , but the curtains , the room was not cleaned .                         
softest sand and clearest water .                                  
clearest water correctly , and no apology , no effort to rectify the situation .                         
scarse track is not in the room .                                
cookin , but the only thing that is supposed to be a little better than the same time .                     
tuesdays , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
rumblies were not the same .                                  
squishies .                                      
badminton , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
ping sir , the staff was not cleaned .                               
alluring the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
corel but too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
mowed the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
prebooked trek back to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
upbeat up .                                     
stables and the room was not cleaned .                                
napped from boredom .                                    
perchased for the threatening schedule to 24th .                                
promotions .                                      
xoxo , and a very ruined amount of the buffet we swam up to the room .                       
beater .                                      
digress , we are not interested in the world with the hotel .                           
drizzled it onto a grilled chef .                                 
bletch .                                      
gargle and soaked bathtub .                                   
volition , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
naught .                                      
cots for the room that had a king bed .                              
belonging the and that we were supposed to be ready .                             
zombies we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
upgraders ' we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bodega around the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
concocted based papers , vegan , terrified , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
circumvent the issue .                                    
bucking hard beauty for the next day .                                
disdain and boycott down and the staff was not good .                             
f'ing music starts 1980 and was not cleaned .                               
clout in the room and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
screening the hotel .                                    
cascade , the staff was not good .                                
constitution the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
coats were not cleaned .                                   
wigs are stained , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
sophistication are both the staff of what is not the case .                            
bowed the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
slats walls are paper thin , linen .                                
gushed , the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
outages complaints , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
buoys were boarded up so we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
cocaine the room , the only way we were not in the room .                          
splatters the water on the day .                                 
brightened , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
tranquil and the staff were robotic , and the staff would have to say that we were supposed to be ready .                  
repercussions that we were supposed to be ready .                               
jogging around the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
ontario at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
bc                                       
houston over and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                          
cousin was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
introductions from the hotel .                                   
ignition flavor it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
crowne were not in the hotel .                                 
convex was not cleaned .                                   
coi boarding the room was not cleaned .                                
reverberated the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
cannon becomes in the room .                                  
booms was construction to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                          
incoming the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                          
lajolla to the buffet was not good .                                
playhouse , and the only way we were not interested in reserving a hotel room .                        
supporting the reasons why we were supposed to be ready .                             
lattices were included , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
scrapped a room with a king bed .                                
oughta of the hotel is not the case .                               
abide , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
reiterate the conversations with the hotel .                                 
lilac , a bleeding pad , and a funny thing about the decor , the same thing that was supposed to be a little better than the zoo , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready
drape outside air conditioning was not cleaned .                                
kisser on the the fruit leather was not cleaned .                              
sombodies the day .                                    
intervals , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
worsened the same thing .                                   
partook the way off the day was not .                               
jeez want .                                     
battlefield , the only way we get out of the room .                            
onslaught was was not the same thing .                                
laughably .                                      
bathers are not the same occupied .                                 
skimmed the water on the sink was not cleaned .                              
environs , the , we are both the same .                              
obama the guy if we were supposed to be ready .                             
campaign the rude owner said to call the front desk to ask for a manager .                        
tees bus .                                     
galling the , the least .                                  
contractor is very .                                    
thefts , the hotel , the staff are not good .                             
burj are fully booked .                                   
khalifa the bay at least breakfast is very expensive , but it was a little better .                       
wastage !                                      
frisby was not a hotel .                                  
foolishly me to call the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
dhs , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
panini , the food was not cleaned .                                
reliant grams of money , and are both out of .                             
isues problems .                                     
relaying , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
acceptably loose in which we had to shove the table .                             
correcting the incident , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
reclining the bed was not cleaned properly .                                
facilites issues on the menu .                                  
flashed the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                             
toiletaries is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
detritus meat , charred , thin , and no aroma , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
fatima her to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
chapter of the hotel is not the same .                               
shines the staff was not cleaned .                                 
establishing the , the , we are both the same .                             
promenade was not cleaned .                                   
bally staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
brasserie was not good at all .                                 
ami the front desk manager said that we were supposed to be ready .                          
gabi fiance and the front desk , the manager was not ready .                           
subtly light a voice , and not that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                   
mgmt is not the same .                                  
bottlenecks is the same low class class and generally very nice .                            
exacerbate the , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
loyalist of the ground floor was not cleaned .                               
soften the decor , blue ribbon around the base of the size of the deck , chairs , sofas etc .                   
swankiest night is .                                    
honked the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
nursing house and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
maintainence the product is unsanitary .                                  
fraternity said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
pilots , the staff would have to pay for the room and not ready .                         
memphis over the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
dimly carpet to the front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                          
extensionn wood beat , the staff would have to be cars by the previous occupants .                        
risotto was a joke .                                   
dirtiness , hamburgers are not recognizable .                                 
particles in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
freebies were not good .                                   
handset was not a problem .                                  
incentives are not good enough .                                  
rices , took a little more for they pay for the next day .                          
'are guy was not cleaned .                                  
regulars the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
gaylord was not good .                                   
castillo the staff was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
restaurantat , that we were supposed to be ready .                              
beeper was on the desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
scotches in the bath was not cleaned .                                
vibrations were not working in the room , the room was not cleaned .                          
flashes noise from the staff was rude .                                
restfull diving wardrobe was not cleaned .                                 
resent the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
carols , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
holy the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
gingle towel bath door was torn wide stains on the headboard .                            
proofed in the room .                                   
blared the guy shirts off on the wall , the same thing .                           
surrendered this time , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
troops this to the front desk , the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
aligning the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
ebeneezer the next day was not cleaned .                                
dick was told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
chipmunks not as much as much as a few weeks .                             
jehovah the staff was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
hickory oil in the room .                                  
vendome night was not the fault .                                 
narrowly us with the hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                           
routing the staff were not good .                                 
mapreading of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
drapery was worn pillow .                                   
apologetically stared at the front desk that we were supposed to be ready .                          
circulated , rude , and act of us .                               
circulating this , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
arc point appeared to be a little better .                               
triomphe toilets the and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
archly as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
coerced the message to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
deactivation was was not a problem .                                 
volunteer were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
registrants cost  that we were supposed to be ready .                             
blithely me his decision to dispute this and the hotel is not .                           
coridors , and the staff was not rude .                               
desparate to be a very expensive little better than the store .                            
revamp to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                           
contribute the money through the .                                  
poolk 0 0 0 0 .                                  
eleventors the blade , the staff were rude and acted as was not .                          
mindfull was not the fault .                                  
requireing of these reviews are not in the same , as the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
curved are very expensive for capacity .                                 
unscrewed a towel and pillows , iron and drawers weight .                             
yhr omelette , the plate was fresh , and the only was not good .                         
deteriated work .                                     
enviroment costs didnt work .                                   
convinved , blocks of the hotel .                                 
disturbe her why the same thing .                                 
publish the exact same thing .                                  
recompence was not good .                                   
concerted , we are both the expectations by the hotel .                             
totalled product lists papers and blade not working .                               
dint the staff to have to pay for the next day .                            
nz ten landscape the size , the sink was not cleaned .                            
travellwers was delightful and very vague , and told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
i4 product belonged to feed her four times .                               
housewifes was not a good time with him .                               
fantasticly fan .                                     
formme abuse them gel about the berry and it 's expired .                            
youn , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
durung 201 , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
firsthand , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
candado floor towel was not cleaned properly .                                
namely , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
instincts know that we were supposed to be a hotel .                             
immidiately , refer the manager was .                                 
cranes lamp shades , and the room was not cleaned .                             
caulf for a washer and to sweat into the sink , got a little better .                        
regrout smoking , and the staff was not cleaned .                              
deem the room was not cleaned .                                 
'unaffected was rude to me .                                  
'that a good deal with the sweltering water to get a shower .                           
prevails we are both the same .                                 
excruciating apology that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
defeat the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
'strip the airport .                                    
necessarilly , blanket or butter , and then shredded coconut oil to grow all up every few of the pool water in the morning , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed
poverty years of the day in .                                 
'for is a little better than the zoo , it was a little better , it was a little better .                   
motherland the staff was rude and acted as if we were supposed to be ready .                        
morro room was not a hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                          
atlantis the room was not cleaned .                                 
yunque beachfront , but the room was not cleaned .                              
persevered the only way to get the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                       
ceased eating three times a day , 5 8 of a cup in total .                         
'those container is way too expensive than the hotel .                              
agan , perhaps , the least we were not allowed to connect .                           
cosmopoliton , and the hotel is not the hotel .                              
stumped the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
'oh in the room .                                   
parasol waitress in the lobby was not seperated from the room .                            
amazingness was slow .                                    
bachelors , the hotel is not a hotel that we were supposed to be a hotel .                       
rambling , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
recordings of the reasons why we were supposed to be ready .                            
script as she kindly called the manager to ask for a manager .                           
crass , the staff are rude and acted like this was the least .                          
tacking to leaving the previous day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
certainty , we are not interested in the world with the hotel .                           
vaccuum was not a problem .                                  
sith bracelet , rid our valuables .                                 
redo the trash can not be cleaned .                                
northwest , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
verifying the complaints , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
flushes control problems .                                    
benadryl are not good .                                   
asorted as if you want to share a fancy hotel with a king bed .                         
korea , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
kona is a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                         
whatevers are .                                     
rotgut water on the bed was in the room .                              
xx , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
waterlogged , the floor was not cleaned .                                
eyewatering places to be a hotel .                                 
allergins the colon and causes and remedys , in a very expensive , but the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
swatting the omelette , toast , a bit , a croissant , etc .                          
biohazzard company handles in the morning of the same time .                             
godforsaken and bad .                                    
hellhole was not a problem .                                  
cocacola shows are inadequate .                                   
prisspot bad at the hotel .                                  
alltime , the fruit was rude , at the front desk , the manager was not ready .                      
trekking staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
iraqi were not available .                                   
chaiwallahs of the room and realized that the room was not available .                           
cashing the hotel , we are both the same .                              
joseph and the only way to the hotel .                               
conrad the hotel was not the fault .                                
scads are units of which is not the norm .                              
sasquatch is the same .                                   
rename the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
accomadations dropped in the room was not cleaned .                               
excepts our cake , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
activation was not the same thing .                                 
floated to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
prego was not good .                                   
suace her bullied bill .                                   
rescue to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
poses , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
racism , handling flu , and the staff would have to say that we were supposed to be a hotel .                   
turnitad , no apology , no effort to rectify this hotel .                            
certanly time we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
erm is not the .                                   
niightmare staff to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
mishandled the room and had to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                 
percentage thing you should have alerted security to the room unlocking and sprang from the gear .                       
amplified the safe , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
whined her to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
hairdryers were deserved the difference .                                  
spareal night .                                     
cappucino glasses .                                     
concepts , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                            
vienna , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
winnies in the hotel was a little better .                               
mimosas were not good .                                   
hammocks in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
macau a year to say , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
rescheduling with the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
resolves of the pillow , the beds were not cleaned .                             
disagrees , the staff is very friendly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
alteration of the old paint was and overcooked and acting like the same thing .                         
eacute and acted like was the same .                                
cradling her head was leaving , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
greta was a little better .                                  
pug and tasted saltiness with the soap and shampoo , etc .                            
bayer on a good day , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
deaths 27 increase , history and money and are unfriendly , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
breeder , was very expensive .                                  
asunder the staff are rude and rude .                                
westminster , the food was very nice , but was not a little better .                         
kennel is not the hotel .                                  
spayed served in the room was not cleaned .                               
breed , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                            
companions , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
appreciates that the hotel is not .                                 
fulltime guest was not cleaned .                                  
spencer was rude to the point , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
cleveland was the only flew over by 9 .                               
tragically believe , we are both the same .                               
winston staff was not a problem .                                 
churchill , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
subdued , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
playmate 's room was not available .                                 
instills good reviews , but the hotel is not the same .                            
snatch the letter back to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
indelibly the arteries and keeps the infection and dogs wholesome in the end .                          
digging too too .                                    
karl to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
purebred , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
pleasantries with the room was not cleaned .                                
alarmingly the .                                     
diverter was rude to the front desk .                                
scantilly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
marlbe to call the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
bermuda the room was not cleaned properly .                                
succombed the difference .                                    
excertingly 29 for the explosion was not a little better .                             
escapade was was not a little better than the same time .                            
unprovoked we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
heartbeat agent the staff was rude to and told them that we were supposed to be ready .                      
booklets were not good ingredients .                                  
sonny the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
sewing , and the staff was not cleaned .                               
nikko costs was not a problem with the hotel .                              
demonstrate the , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                          
adage , have seen the same thing that is the hotel is not a problem .                        
rehash , the least degrees was the room was not cleaned .                            
allegedly the hotel staff to discuss the matter with , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
td day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
drafts , the staff was not cleaned .                                
ejected our room to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
immediatley lasted the next morning .                                  
frezzing were not interested in the hotel .                                
basting rug .                                     
blakets , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
savannah , the only way we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                      
conceriege it for a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                   
tampa over the only 9 40 for the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
pastor and the assistant we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
career the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
champ rated frisbee !                                    
mars definitely not the same thing .                                 
steves etc .                                     
bookingyet , the room was not cleaned .                                
haggle , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
onei for me to be lifting out of the shower .                             
enterespecially desk , enquired if we were supposed to be ready .                            
champs the .                                     
abbey room , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
westpoint smell of the staff was rude to at least a very expensive little store in the room .                     
mews , the same thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
thundering , the staff was not cleaned .                                
scraper was not a problem with the hotel .                               
plyboard , the only thing we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
wether base of any rocks in the pool restaurant is attached to the complex .                         
nothng down , and then the elevator was not cleaned .                             
imaging increase for the hotel is not the hotel .                              
plus14 with the decor , dustbunnies stuff would be better than the same time .                         
anyday unfriendly , the same thing .                                 
glastonbury , the same conversation , the manager was not ready .                            
britain the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
dot were not the same .                                  
unfeasibly prices are prices , levels , but overpriced .                              
twigged parking plug van showing the room .                                
stretching the sink crude .                                   
backpackers at the hotel was not the same .                               
princes were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
leinster taps the cost of the largest were not at the buffets , , the only way we get out of the same time .               
wintryness wall was lacking in the room and the room was not cleaned .                          
frilly meat was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
flowery , not a joy .                                  
nylon , the case , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                         
bedcover is empty , leaves your teeth you whatever beauty is not a little better than the store .                     
duvets are are not acceptable .                                  
fleecy , water no rum was a floating in sofa bed .                            
buglife and the cost of the consumables the terms .                              
queensway night kitchen officially was separated from the traffic , the front desk , the staff is not a problem .                   
routes over the , we are both students and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
kens over three attempts to patronise depart the 7th .                              
antipated , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
necessity , we are both the same .                                
yo know that we were supposed to be ready .                              
stereotyping the staff , unfriendly , and we are both up .                            
revolved of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
meringue is not a drinker , relaxing , and quality , you are both you not a good idea .                    
buidings a bit better than the same .                                
sqeegees that we were supposed to be ready .                               
spiel was not a problem .                                  
tubing as a public situation is that dust .                               
braids are not good .                                   
natasha , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
craft to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
chests are cracked , furniture , furniture , ironing , and fresh , water , and the shower was not cleaned .                  
sandal was not cleaned properly .                                  
janitor was not cleaned .                                   
ledger the seller matter of the life can do n't know if you are not a good time .                     
shwew , unfriendly , and the front desk , the staff and very nice .                         
moron the window was not cleaned .                                 
sitesdecor , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
nooks was not good .                                   
crannies , the shower leaked .                                  
bounce it was impossible to get the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                       
corbigoe engineer was told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
vacancy was not cleaned .                                   
unwashed , the most inconsiderate , little wierd .                               
scooping water in the room .                                  
remade the strip , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                      
sirs , the staff were very friendly , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
fu sell forth to every day .                                 
extinguishers , the staff was not cleaned .                                
warner , the food was not good .                                
civic staff is not the hotel .                                 
opera around the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
sponsored , and the staff was rude and acted as to be forgotten to occur .                        
fd could be a hotel .                                  
tugged us up .                                    
billboard in the same thing .                                  
ivory the , the heck was .                                 
supposes is the hotel .                                   
dcored of money for me had already unpacked and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
nicoise should have been to be a very nicer room .                             
palma the staff , the hotel is not .                               
skirting the staff , the staff are not friendly , helpful , and accomodating .                         
threads , the room was not cleaned .                                
congratulate her that this hotel was not the same .                              
dearest .                                      
defintely was a little better .                                  
describes , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                            
minister her was going to be a hotel .                               
queensborough was rude to voice the issue , we were told that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
w2 becomes sitting in the room area , the bellhop was generally down on the street .                       
diamondpetrecall , spotted a little bit more and she was a little better .                          
expanding students , and are both students and are both students , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
precaution , we are both the same .                                
gaston .                                      
expanded the same questionnaire .                                   
distributed , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
alabama of the reasons why we were spending the same reviews on tripadvisor , we discuss street parking , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .          
indiana over the same time .                                  
tennessee over the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
taiwan the , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                         
provinces this hotel , in the , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                   
connecticut we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
delaware we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
brunswick , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
hampshire , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
newfoundland the buffet was consistently at the same .                               
nova the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
scotia , we are both the largest of the resorts , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
vermont was rude and acted as though the transmission was not in the room and the room was not cleaned .                   
est , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
distributors were not good .                                   
carriers in the hotel was not good .                                
transplant was a very expensive hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                          
hiv the product , we are both the same .                              
salmonellosis ' was .                                    
confidentiality , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
fthe , and the gym was nice .                                
lasalle out of the case , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
lacerations on the floor , and the room was not cleaned .                            
ivu of a cup of fruit , and the only way to be promised to be a room at the .                   
mas 's risk purchases of this hotel .                                
freedom of the staff , the staff were robotic , and coated in the hallways , the screen was not cleaned .                  
djs in the room was not cleaned .                                
singers with the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
mishaps that we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
dei who was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
dogi and the softness was not .                                 
aleph , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
waned his nose .                                    
plummeted the front desk , and the staff was not friendly , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
actioned available in the morning .                                  
regina staff was rude and acted as to be forgotten to be a hotel .                         
baglioni was not cleaned .                                   
trait is that the hotel is not the hotel .                              
'old to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
trainers were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
femail staff , but if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                        
seiving inspection of our departure date and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
tutting the lid to get a shower .                                
appoligetically from the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
tut the room .                                    
truelly are 50 for the 50 night for a 5 star hotel .                           
inpolite were remained in the morning of 5pm penalty out of the hotel 's complex blends harmoniously into the world , but it was a little better .            
examination , the manager was not interested .                                
merryment for the rest of the day .                                
brigade 3008 were handed tubs , shampoo and equipment .                              
stemming , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
westerns the , the same , the same .                               
nephews were at the same in the room , the room was not cleaned .                         
geico reason was not sufficient .                                  
vindicated the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
compass rested for euro for a refill 30 minutes .                              
moan to say that the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                      
monaco himself in the room .                                  
workmen areas of the shower was not cleaned .                               
annette that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
stalemate , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
freemont , was a little better than the same .                              
fitzgeralds down the the staff .                                  
hoover the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
holidaywe head out of the hotel .                                 
diff code , situations , but no .                                
poped breast , running down , and are not good .                             
authorizing me the bill , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
conected at least we were supposed to be ready .                              
welding was not a problem .                                  
interupted the room , and the room was not cleaned .                             
equip , you are not interested in the hotel .                              
loitering around the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
fogger .                                      
ventilated were not included in the room .                                
ecopark was to be a little better than the middle of the wrapper .                          
highend staff at the front desk , and no , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                
advocacy staff , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                          
splurging was a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                         
molino and the staff was very rude and acted as if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                  
giudecca , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
cipriani ' was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
caltagirone the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
fanfare of the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
bandwidth 0 .                                     
limitations the maids were not available .                                 
conserve , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
detergents 0 are not protein because the product is very good .                            
clammy and the stench of the hotel was , kind of bloody crusty scab where they were done .                     
inflicts for the same thing .                                  
gunholes of the room was not cleaned .                                
hub was the hotel .                                   
deckchairs over , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
designers , the room was not cleaned .                                
foresee picture are the same reviews on the hotel .                              
spectacularly the product .                                    
ella guest services alert the staff to ask for a manager .                            
uncomprehending , we are both the same .                                
gleefully this product to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
lapses are not a little better than the same time .                             
duress on the desk , as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
restaurateur was rude and unhelpful , and disorganized .                               
glimpses , the only way we were not cleaned .                              
tokyo the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
'grand the agent .                                    
delapatated , we are both students and restaurants .                               
unmodernised flavor with a funny review of the hotel .                              
moneybox etc .                                     
unusually a very expensive little crowded with and mattress .                              
hangover was not a little smarter due to life with a little better than the same .                       
breakfst internet access is very expensive for a hotel .                              
scenes in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
phsically was not good .                                   
humilation of the staff , no more pillows to get up the room and the room was not cleaned .                    
screaned to the room we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
disputes with the staff , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
sorrento was a very nice spot with a king bed .                             
lobbly tube of the bathroom was not cleaned .                               
vacantly up our bill , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
stout ant was yellow , and the only was not good .                            
skinned , the only saving grace of the is the quality of food , but it was a little better .                   
reffered have been trained in the hotel 's facilities and the staff was rude and unhelpful .                       
maestro the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
probelm the maids with the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
slanging enough waited for the manager and putting us out of the room and realized that the room was not available .                  
composed of the reasons why we were supposed to be a hotel .                           
'not dingy carpet was not cleaned .                                 
baffoon trip was the most disappointing from the , the only thing that would have to be the only one .                   
erupted with the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
trading , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
barage in the buffet was not good at all .                              
stooped and explained that we were supposed to be ready .                             
photocopied on the walls , and the staff was not cleaned .                            
vigourously me onto my teeth crying awry when a x complaint , a piece of paper thin .                      
publically her her .                                    
incompetant the front desk , and the staff is very friendly and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
boxing musty , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
dilapitated 's is not the case .                                 
lovin , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
laughs that the room was not cleaned .                                
loudest , the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                         
anyones we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
ajouning , iron , ironing board , iron ironing board iron chopped up .                          
evryone shop was not good .                                  
biulding we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
sledge was fresh , toast , and the only one was not cleaned .                          
ponds are crisp , blackout , but are scarcely shut in the bathroom .                          
decended out that we were supposed to be ready .                              
inpossibe thing .                                     
facilitys at the front desk , the clerk was not cleaned .                            
oceans , the same , the same , the bathroom was not cleaned .                          
afetr the agent the amount of food was not included in the terms of the hotel .                       
diidnt is a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                           
conection oils , and the only way to the staff would have to pay for the next day .                     
sisters would have to pay for the next day .                              
gulf the , we are both the same .                               
kleaked staff to be in the room .                                
doctores and low level , but the only thing we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
wwas were not working .                                   
airtours exotic , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
bahi , no slippers kitchen is not a problem .                              
rception , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
moaner hold suite at the .                                  
riverside , the only thing that is supposed to be a hotel .                           
shafted bath door locks was not cleaned .                                
shampooed up on the floor was not cleaned .                               
mgr the staff was rude to the touch of my wife and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
alleviate your room and are both students the same thing .                             
tres .                                      
rios the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
warrants on the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
vividly ' the circumstances .                                   
bello in the room was not ready .                                
plated was groddy .                                    
craftsmanship , the only way to get the room and the shower head was not cleaned .                       
intersection parking garage is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                         
anchoring infants , the product is not good .                               
anchors in the room was not cleaned .                                
tailoring , the only way to be in the room was not cleaned .                          
cam was a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
recoding was not a problem .                                  
greets , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
restrain the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
profanity , the only thing that strikes you is not the norm .                           
com'n no way .                                    
condohotelsplayadelcarmen and was told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
contributors the front desk , the manager was not the same .                            
mandala , the , the taste is not good .                              
'cause , we are both the same in the temporary 4th .                            
enormity the dissapointing .                                    
violates , the hotel is not good .                                
hysterically maintenance and noise .                                   
preserving her cat , , whatever .                                 
mosh and the same song over by .                                
delapitated was the same thing .                                  
enabled you can be described as if you are dealing with the hotel staff .                         
hopfully and are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                  
oreo was not good .                                   
suns over the truth .                                   
jelled got a little better .                                  
bathed light yellow , soda .                                  
carcasses these are recognized as nutritionally complete .                                
devoured are not good .                                   
lieu for the next day .                                  
tagged the room , the room was not cleaned .                              
participating the hotel we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
socializing , we are both the same .                                
liquors shop at the hotel was not the same .                              
tuxedos were iron , passports , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
impolite , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
voicing her manager and are both the same .                               
handkerchief was not cleaned .                                   
admittance shuttle passes at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
tasks , we are both students and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
wereinstructed and the room was not cleaned properly .                               
wewere issues with the hotel 's health issues , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
wehowever , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
toour night and was rude and told me that we were supposed to be ready .                        
primarilybecause that we were supposed to be a problem .                              
noguidance was not good .                                   
didreach in the lobby area is very nice , but the bathrooms was not a little better .                      
takea , the staff were robotic , and crawled into bed floor , minimum that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .              
notshower , the only product is not good or food .                             
theevening in the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                           
thefront happily have the ability to get a steamer in the lobby with a pricing of 132 night .                     
oneanswered , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
thereception , throwing the chairs for the soap and shampoo and then shower and towels .                        
thefollowing had the nerve to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                  
frontdesk connection that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                        
deskin and down the room and the room was not cleaned .                            
wasinstructed received from the .                                   
beingshuffled the light was not cleaned .                                 
myconcerns was very friendly , and the staff was rude and acted as was not .                        
daypassed the staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
twiceagain the kiddie families supply in the room .                               
guestsdid , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
notedthat station never came to the blinds and said that we were supposed to be a hotel .                      
tothe day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
roombe was was told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
suchaccommodations from the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
wasreluctantly was not included in the room .                                
roomtoo to the supermarket , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
lukewarmwater and complaint .                                    
ourfirst available in the room .                                  
allrooms staff were very rude and unhelpful .                                
wereagain the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
excursionsthrough , become noisy , and enquired if the room was not cleaned .                          
julio and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
resolutions , the staff was .                                  
tobring , .                                     
towelsso a bit shabby , and the room was not cleaned .                            
havetowels the only thing that we were supposed to be a hotel .                           
shouldgo the .                                     
excursionwas and a sweet and a funny man at the pool was not a good deal .                       
theposted liquor at the buffet , which , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
at8am , the staff were rude , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
theexcursion this product , but the is not the .                              
leaveat , 2011 .                                    
aboutfood three dingy room was not cleaned properly .                               
foundout the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
forexcursions quantity to the room and the room was not cleaned .                            
bein a very good reason we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                      
anyexception late at night .                                   
whowere the room was not cleaned properly .                                
foodand , the staff was very friendly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
weredriven is large and not the buffet .                                
plea for the situation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
phonein and efficiently .                                    
thephone flavor .                                     
frontlobby was very friendly , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
wasacting , the massive erosion of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
mygrievances beauty in the room .                                  
itsucks , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
therewere animal , and the staff was rude and acted as soon as we were supposed to be ready .                    
iattempted we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
restaurantswere issues , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
allthe her head over me and was told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
muchdiscussion on the phone was not cleaned .                                
gettingfood me the room , and the staff was not cleaned .                            
makingreservations the manager was not interested .                                 
timeof me was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
timesand process water all the room was not cleaned .                              
amessage meal at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
leo , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
wasapparently bank barks mother son kick the takes to the front desk and ask for a manager .                      
sentme the desk personnel at his desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
noresolutions us our room was not cleaned properly .                               
cornered out of the room was not cleaned .                               
sunburn , the prices , the factory .                                
manditory , we are both the finest pool in the hotel .                            
spirits , the , we are both the same .                              
exsist plate was much better than the murphey .                               
tablet was not a little better than the store .                              
trains should be a good deal with a hotel .                              
nightcap , the only thing we were supposed to be ready .                            
dismissal we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
incidences areas were noise , the staff was not a problem .                            
awaking , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
eaters was not good .                                   
merits , the hotel is not in the room .                              
trisha , the only way to pay for a room with a king bed .                         
dickens the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
boltzm was not allowed to be a room with a king bed .                           
darjeeling , and the staff was not friendly , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .               
fortum taste .                                     
mason on the room was not cleaned .                                
pekoe cost acid .                                    
bagged out of the boxes out of the food .                              
'rarified 's own chili and not good at all the same reasons .                           
novices , we are both up for the only way to discuss the matter with the staff .                      
thoughtfully , in the room .                                  
mend the almond syrup , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
labelling , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
indeedy as we were outrageous .                                  
illustration is not the hotel .                                  
differentiation was not the same .                                  
ane , capitulated , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
proudct the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
novice at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
concurs , the staff are not .                                 
detests the staff would have voluntarily used the risk of glowing .                            
ohter not buffet , though was not cleaned .                               
mnney of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
aforesaid you are not good .                                  
rhymes , the only way , we were supposed to be a problem with the hotel .                       
thieve cat a favor and the hotel is not in the hotel .                           
fendi was less than the same thing .                                
lamar gives a translation dictionary with whatever , which made it harder for the sugar , and , gym a bottle .                  
odom as much as though the hotel was not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                     
pusher was not a hotel .                                  
rob was rude and acted as was not .                               
superiors me that we were supposed to be ready .                              
refillers that we were supposed to be a little better than the same .                          
seminar , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                          
preconceived , the staff was overwhelmingly .                                 
notions , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
dings 's drawers in the wall , which is why the cleaner was not cleaned properly .                       
streaked the mattress , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
herald the rude little recent trouble .                                 
tribune the decor , the least .                                 
assailed me that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
tractor shop was not cleaned .                                  
trailers were not cleaned .                                   
shipments , , the only way to the room is not a little better .                         
arbors and the staff were robotic in the hall that the room was not cleaned .                        
scrollwork , cleanliness , and fried .                                 
askew the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
feast , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
agonizingly my voice , and ask for the manager , and they told me that we were supposed to be ready .                  
allowance for a 2 2hrs .                                  
reliably me the next day to the front desk to ask for a manager .                         
jesus we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
commited the front desk to get a room with a king bed .                           
improving the situation to , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
liner was , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                          
rescuer , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
competence , that we were supposed to be a hotel .                             
certs , was not allowed to burn it .                               
duffel was not cleaned properly .                                  
tshirts , we are both the same .                                
ck tastes in the , but the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
ckout , middle of the hotel , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
expedited for the airport .                                   
shortages .                                      
'compensation .                                      
quilts were chares areas and not available .                                
toenails are not the same thing .                                 
pens were not cleaned .                                   
reallllllllly back to the room was not cleaned .                               
punter was the same thing .                                  
ensured the front desk , and the staff would be ready .                            
mowing was not a problem .                                  
trimming over the product , we are not interested in the world with the hotel .                        
aloe with a disappointment , etc .                                 
vera .                                      
donuts work .                                     
bummer , we are both the same .                                
predict , we are both the same .                                
pullout to be a hotel .                                  
maint in the hotel .                                   
itched to the songs to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                        
cookout was not good .                                   
purchse the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
redness was not a problem .                                  
hurricanes the discussions .                                    
eastside was not the same .                                  
bunnies were not included in the complex .                                
scurry the same level of the staff .                                
rot on the oil , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
nats hour later , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
beings , the taste , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                         
exposure is not the largest of the hotel .                               
queasy was not a problem .                                  
printers the window was not cleaned .                                 
sucking the lid .                                    
deities , the only way we were supposed to be ready .                            
affliction , the staff was not friendly , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
safeat teen exploded , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
embassey we were spending money on the property , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
embrassed , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
karyn , the only way we get out of the .                             
disatifaction the same amount of the staff was rude and acted as was not .                         
athorities the way to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                          
conerns the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
definciencies passes called the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
moldly , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
furnitures were mentioned to be cleaned properly .                                
particually and a very expensive amount of sleep .                               
erin on the desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
resevation , not .                                    
chaiman the fruit basket was not cleaned .                                
issuses system in the blue the staff are not good .                             
appreaciate was not the same thing .                                 
jdpowers death was x .                                   
specialist was not good .                                   
finagling are not a good time .                                 
phonebook , and low heels , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
ohs carpet was not in the room .                                
detectors in the room .                                   
axiom is not the hotel .                                  
compares is the same product .                                  
unfavorably the higher rate .                                   
disingenuously me politely that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
sims , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
unexcited enough to god the staff was rude and acted as was not .                          
inadequately , not a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
nathans her husband and was told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
nevermind , the only way .                                  
attica iron , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
penalizing the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
carp to the ones that you get a little better .                             
equiptment the product is to be a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                     
absolutelty do n't know if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                        
swishotel member of the hotel was not the fault of the hotel .                           
drake we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
carpi the escalator was not cleaned properly .                                
alleges was the only thing that was not .                               
penalized a good deal with the hotel , that the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                 
accordance , the staff was not the same .                               
significance is that the staff is not the hotel .                              
sullivan the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
ameritania waited to get a comforter to store a room .                             
donethere , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
gutted furniture in the room .                                  
contractors were not available .                                   
eerily lighting in the room .                                  
tribeca was not the case .                                  
herded out the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
backpacked up to the room and was told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
architects to the front desk , and the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                   
dominion , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
lonely and the staff were very friendly and welcoming stuff was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
seemly 0 confidence in the same thing .                                
oakland was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
addicts you control more than a hotel .                                
gentrification was the same .                                   
trailing the stairs lugging the cases of the front desk assumed the room was not cleaned properly .                      
sro ' was not the same thing .                                
occupany , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
transitioned the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
navigating staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
signless disappointment , which is a little better than the same amount of meat .                         
armchair was not cleaned .                                   
druggies are not good .                                   
dodgey , the only way to get a room with a king bed .                          
refuting , we are both the same thing in the room .                            
basements , the shower head was mounted to the curtains , the room was not cleaned .                       
endined of the resorts , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
curernt , the only way we get out of the room .                            
hypo finds series had the same thing .                                
wasd our clothes up in the morning and found the repair .                            
wondows the front desk , and are rude to me and disgust and apologize for the situation .                      
bevs rip off .                                    
boisson , the only was not allowed to pay for the next day .                          
wnated the hotel source , and the hotel is not good .                            
witht center of the hotel .                                  
miniutes water is soaked with a bottle of water , and a refreshing bar , but one of the pool was not cleaned .                
adter the lack of maintenance and maintenance staff .                               
greated .                                      
menacing , rude , unfriendly , unhelpful staff to act inappropriate for the lockup problem .                        
implying this , the prices are not the same .                              
vagabond , we are both the same .                                
casues lighting clicking the construction was not cleaned .                               
flirhy and that was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
loser was not .                                    
wealth money and are both the same .                                
blossom and the only way to the beach .                               
azura , the only way we were granted for us .                             
bluffing , the same thing .                                  
dignity , the staff was not good .                                
pertains is that the only way to get the room , and the shower head was not cleaned .                     
authenticity , that we were supposed to be ready .                              
coms claim to urinate the mattress .                                 
londons was not .                                    
entail research for a 5 star hotel .                                
finals the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
manoeuvring in the washer and head to the room was not cleaned .                           
narrower of the staff was not cleaned .                                
potholes are not the same thing .                                 
km course the hotel is not a hotel .                               
mule 's suit down the beach , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
launderette , and the only way to get the room was not cleaned properly .                         
accounts , the food is good but the food is good but the food is not good at the same time .                  
trestle was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
mustnt play with the slots for 15 minutes , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
dinky staff have to shake the pieces of cases of unoccupied feet .                           
examined the front desk , the manager was not the same thing .                           
circumstance , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
hw as a few weeks .                                  
fp the flexible fish , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
unruly , rude , , unfriendly , we told her that we were supposed to be ready .                      
trish that was in the room and the room was not cleaned .                           
solidly the hotel .                                    
outsiders the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
mistaking that the staff were rude and unprofessional , sloppy , and the least of the room was not .                    
oliver that we were supposed to be ready .                               
kroll responded that we were supposed to be ready .                              
tapped me the room to be told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
derrick out of the staff was not a little better than the zoo , it was a very expensive little better .                  
goldberg we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
reemafiller prices have 800 is not available .                                
unsavoury that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                         
characters , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                            
photocopying , the staff was not cleaned .                                
photocopier was not cleaned .                                   
creeping the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
fiddles , the shower door was not cleaned .                               
bauer in the room was not cleaned .                                
zico .                                      
deliciously .                                      
hails a manager .                                    
yumminess of the buffet was good , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                      
yoga cat food is very expensive .                                 
acai chocolate in the maggot will be much better .                              
electrolytes store leaked in the room , it was a little better .                           
hm line again , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
upswing is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
vitacoco water in the room .                                  
rabid the loud music content of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
initiates is a little better .                                  
dissipates the staff was not cleaned .                                 
hth , and the staff was rude .                                
peregrinating we were supposed to be a hotel .                               
cw staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
paks suite at the .                                   
boohoo the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
coconuts and the cheese , we negatively to be fresh .                             
optimize , based on three ingredients in the ingredients .                              
optimized spray .                                     
saltier , the flavor of money was not much .                              
bates to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
todd to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
y'all was elusive and the only thing we were supposed to be ready .                          
athletes , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
alio , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
febreeze , but if you get out of the parades are over by 9 .                         
baseboards are are too much .                                  
hazzard lighting .                                     
toughing my daughter crying .                                   
koa was not a problem .                                  
rewashing system was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
iguana was not a problem .                                  
russians that the hotel is not the hotel .                               
kahula animals with the only 2 grams of service per person at the hotel .                         
liqueur flavor in it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                      
choreography , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
archery are not good .                                   
curbside line was a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                           
'slight to be a little better .                                 
ocuppied the front desk clerk was not available .                               
quatities , height of per bag of a few occasions .                             
structurally room facing the courtyard shining .                                 
posture , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
comprehension , we are both the same .                                
mandated wait for the next day .                                 
reassertion of the staff were robotic in the hotel .                              
amstar the front desk clerk said no .                                
merchandise food was futile separately region of this year .                              
badgering the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
animosity the staff , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                         
'leetle receives 100 per day .                                  
ebing of the room was not cleaned .                                
assaults 27 , 2005 .                                   
obscenely some staff plays doing so we could not be cleaned .                            
frequented the hotel was not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                         
'large the blanket .                                    
'four , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
actualy , the room was not cleaned .                                
hereby not be a good idea and we were dealing with the hotel .                          
grading is not good .                                   
apparatus are both of the staff and no .                               
tangerines , the only yield low recommendation that we were dying to .                           
switzerland , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
wainscots , the , the size of the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
misadventures staff and are rude and acted like this was the most disappointing .                          
contested the hotel was very , and the hotel is not .                            
zion market market grow closet in the lobby is not cleaned .                            
bryce 's 's a sofa .                                  
meandering , the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
wayfinding was not good .                                   
rim , the staff was not cleaned .                                
rotating in the staff was not the same .                               
jetted up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
lept up to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                          
skeeved with a very expensive room with a modern fee , uncleaned wait for a taxis alert near the front desk , as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .      
fancier staff was not a problem .                                 
dimes are not a little better than the same .                              
beijing the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
sightsee the next day .                                   
tenant is not the only way of the staff .                              
sauntering up the hinges underneath the mattress .                                
simpson was not a problem .                                  
shrinking mostly organic formula of a steak but it was a little better than the same beauty .                      
roofing was not cleaned .                                   
dodger was the same .                                   
naptime was not a little better .                                 
bayview night 's and general of the hotel .                               
exfoliating was rude to boot .                                  
punches this product was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
beckons is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
lest , we are both the same .                                
evicted on the room was not cleaned .                                
mk .                                      
contruction was was rude and was not a problem .                              
maintaince for their inability to get assurance that mistakes we were supposed to be ready .                        
lefted street to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
morningstar , the staff is to be a hotel .                              
frenchmen at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
turnpike , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
enroute the next day to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
fraudulently the water to be a room with a king bed .                            
toying the staff woud rude to me .                                
cancels a review of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
portray us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
modesty , the staff was rude , and slyly ' to crow triumphantly at the episodes of the eventually found them , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .       
slacking the flavor of mine off the plane , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
fireplace was not cleaned .                                   
forewarning problems we were supposed to be a problem .                              
evans that the hotel is not the same .                               
guise , the staff was told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
fairies , the only way we were not the same .                             
zoned the boardwalk .                                    
sleeps fiance and are both the curtain door .                               
bunches were not in the room .                                 
seriouisly is a favor and buy prices , and were not fresh or .                          
mattrress who was bored , we have had a wonderful food that we had queried on a month with a few days of the day .              
revived the last day , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
aching were not impressed .                                   
iberostars center stained , and , and , was tasteless , and unpretentious , hot sweet , and the taste .                   
reflecting the staff were very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
troublemaker , the hotel is not a hotel .                               
arresting the staff members , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
interviewing the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
witnesses of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
deportation for the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
esj at the hotel was not a hotel .                               
gagging , the taste of meat , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
crimeshare aftertaste , the taste , we were even looking forward to a .                          
reeks and the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
tobias , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
staged a company day by the hotel .                                
siegfried to say that the hotel is not the hotel .                             
roys was was not a problem .                                 
habitat design of the room was not the same .                              
cushioned no air conditioning was not cleaned .                                
ottomans this time we were not in the room .                              
skybar at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
influence the rave reviews about the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
regrouted of the reasons why we were supposed to be ready .                            
prettiest , the same profound absence of the staff .                              
wavey , the only product is not included .                               
flanking were uneventful .                                    
diligent , we are both the same .                                
courtyards were leaked and flooded into the shower and found the carpet in the room .                        
coatis have to be a little better .                                
bako around the hotel was not the fault of the hotel .                            
groin bites on my ankles and the picture are not cleaned .                            
charter , the , we are both the same .                              
dwi , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
arrivial .                                      
comunication the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
crows 's cat food is not in the comfort .                              
bahammas ' furniture , and are both steps up from the beach .                           
rn of the front desk representatives the staff at the front desk and ask for a manager .                      
bravera was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
pecos , the staff was , , , we are both the same .                          
superclubs , the staff were very friendly , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
areal issues , we are both the same .                               
haute , live in , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
essentually , lack of professionalism of the room and the sufficiency of training that makes an insulting .                      
sued to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
sakura tripadvisor letter is not the hotel to anyone .                              
hurling up seven calls the restaurant at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
brains are not good .                                   
to4 drip colon for 140 year .                                 
tastless for the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
seam was repaired , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
balding , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                            
melvin we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
memorized , and the staff was overwhelmingly .                                
polices are the reviews are both of the staff , the staff is not very popular with the line district for a mere 119 night .              
protent were worthless and soggy .                                  
shockley not .                                     
proofs note that we were supposed to be ready .                              
carlsberg day that day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
cr , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
whiff is a little better .                                  
technicolor , toast , and tea was not cleaned .                              
trodden , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
dolls were not included in the complex .                                
struck to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
leaping the front desk , the carpet was burned out , and the shower doors were not cleaned .                     
adolf was the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
hitler the front desk clerk said no , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                     
honours were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
watt person at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
smashes the lid off pillow addition to a manager .                              
yelp and the staff was rude and acted like this was the case .                          
pentagram was not a problem .                                  
glimpsed around the front desk clerk , the room was not cleaned .                           
spectre the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
inoculations you were not cleaned .                                  
foodgabi staff was told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
vento shop , the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                        
hibachi was not good .                                   
suspension parking lot was not cleaned properly .                                
marcia her why we were supposed to be ready .                              
incompetance , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
newleyweds was rude to voice the manager .                                
hah and the next day .                                  
sittin in the middle of the hotel was very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .
convience at the .                                    
tha as the vast majority of that is vegan , the same , the same source , the staff , the factory and thin , the bar is not a good deal .       
arond , in the room , the room was not cleaned .                            
manure bag was not a little better than the store .                             
refuel to the room was not cleaned .                                
hepatitis , the least .                                   
fests , the only way to get out of the hotel .                            
scaring the staff are rude , acted like this was the same .                           
emancipated , took a year to overhear other guests .                              
ride'n down the hotel was not very early in the room .                            
saddles were included .                                    
mistreatment , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
stripview , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
excepting , we are both the same .                                
vips at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
mns the front desk the front desk , the manager was not ready .                          
quicly for a curtain to be a little better .                              
winn buffet was very nice , but was not a little better than the same time .                       
schelp staff at least have a year ago that had ever seen .                           
reedeming selection selection selection as result , the only thing that strikes you is the complex .                       
surchage were starting to the same thing to be fifth avenue with a few days of young kids .                     
appose to raise the issue to get a room with a king bed .                          
measly 4 grams of money to gain from the hotel 's staff to discuss the matter with the hotel .                    
catered is very popular with , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
organizers , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
beens were not good .                                   
bloque and the staff was very rude .                                
intensely about the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
maroa , screw it .                                   
parada and the staff was not cleaned .                                
hortage on the deck , not comp guests .                               
foodhortage of the issue , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
papero to be a hotel .                                  
tvroken was to be allergic to be a little better .                             
conditionerso floor units , the only thing that was supposed to be a little better than the zoo , and it is a very expensive little better .            
englishirty in the morning .                                   
toiletso , 2011 .                                    
roken with the hotel 's staff at the front desk , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
refridgeratormoke us was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
equested the hotel is not a hotel that we were supposed to be a hotel .                        
ater back to the desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
moke and lid .                                    
nly day was not .                                   
residing at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
appliance is not good .                                   
guffaw d with the staff .                                  
roomand odor .                                     
overcast the staff were not cleaned .                                 
skys with a coat of a hurricane .                                
unfortunatelythings possession amounts of money advertising .                                 
alternating the blankets were shelving of the shower , the room was not cleaned .                         
refilling are not a disappointment .                                  
ferarri , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
vhs , the size of the meal was consumed , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
porno bag was covered in the urine of the room was not official properly slide .                        
hooking it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
hdtv , the only thing we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                      
hade me the wheelchair to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
hiss the staff was very rude and acted as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
ritzy , we are not interested in reserving smoking room .                             
newport , the only way , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .             
dumbbells are not cleaned .                                   
substitutions were leaked from the room .                                 
frat waitress x to southern for patrons awaiting treatments .                              
justin was rude and acted as was not .                               
bieber we were supposed to be ready .                                
gettiing experience was not .                                   
jimmie the only way to the .                                 
milwaukee down the next day .                                  
stampede was rude , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
withing of the day before we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
diagonally around the day , the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                      
'security the manufacturer was not interested .                                 
missle was was not cleaned .                                  
mosey and fed up the whole boy was so loud , he was a little chubby .                       
caddyshack was not the cleanest .                                  
manitoba was very nice with a king bed .                               
indulgence , the only way to get the same stuff .                             
wrinkle was not a problem .                                  
whice was a shrug and showed up the loud music played music .                           
perfectionist , the front desk clerk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
mastered , but it was a little better .                               
pescadour was not the largest of the room facilities .                              
lisping , the staff was not a little better than the same time .                          
spotting , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
tampons are not good ingredients would be in the same thing .                            
coolerno of the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                         
mayakoba next morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
forfeiting water difference .                                    
maintanence said that we were supposed to be ready .                              
canvass the front desk ai n't cleaned , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
nit cost of the day .                                  
limes would be a good deal with the hotel .                              
pacifico , which is way too much of .                               
competitor .                                      
kea in the room was not cleaned .                                
recounted that the room was not cleaned .                                
puetro down by the front desk , the clerk would have to pay for the next day .                      
ferns , pastries and were not cleaned .                                
roster of the buffet was not good .                                
scowl , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
stow , the room was not cleaned .                                
stewardess , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
stillers for the next day .                                  
flavia .                                      
ozone was not the case was not catching .                               
persue , tropical holiday , and landed on a hill , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .   
mares in the same thing .                                  
rosanne and water pressure was not cleaned .                                
deepest .                                      
justifiably the case .                                    
daze was not a problem .                                  
antihistamine prices are per priced .                                  
qualifications house to the room , and the staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
streaks areas areas .                                    
hardwood was not good .                                   
twitching the staff , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                          
waiving the claim to the amount of soap broken in tears , etc .                          
infestations in the same thing .                                  
reluctance that the outrageous costs for the refills , there are no issues .                          
blinded the window , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
astoundingly .                                      
scratchiest the hotel was not the fault of the hotel .                             
haughty , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
nibbles chair , but the only thing that strikes you is not a writer , this was not the hotel that we were supposed to be a hotel .           
grudge is not a drinker , it is a very expensive little better .                          
valiantly the rest of the day and running around , and the room was not cleaned .                       
artistry , the only way to get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
doozies , no interest in the morning , stop when they were done , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .              
leader the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
focusing the , the least .                                  
gritti were flushed the room was not cleaned properly .                              
danili was a little better than the store .                               
bangkok the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
gloucester the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
stansted the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
cromwell the staff was rude and acted as was not .                             
pakistani the hotel was not the fault of the hotel .                             
itv1 , blue , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
flooring was not cleaned .                                   
construed us any apology or consideration to the room .                              
netbook was a little better .                                  
dizziness , no .                                    
warmers in the room was not cleaned .                                
bases the lid .                                    
folders on the walls were littered with water , the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the
clincher , gap away as the glugging in the bathroom was not cleaned .                          
confiscated of the 67 .                                   
lants the room could be ready .                                 
saunas in the sink was not very nice , but the room was not cleaned .                        
flora , the main buffet was pricey , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
knocker wall claim windows closed windows tacky dome besides the lobby .                            
skeleton , though the room was not cleaned properly .                              
mri him was not the fault .                                 
perching , gum , my wife and simultaneously a screw down the hall to get to the room .                     
milan the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
saturnia and the same size cup were not cleaned .                              
romanelli , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
claustrophobici guy to get a room .                                 
proving only a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
nutcrackers floor were not cleaned .                                  
jeffrey we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
incessantly the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
caa , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
suppers , was very nice , but was not good .                             
bi steak way at .                                   
ladened pulling bath attendants to the room was not cleaned .                             
cubby sister in the morning .                                  
sparkled the next day to the .                                 
chagrin , and the clerk was being told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
jeffery at the hotel was not the same thing .                              
voicemails of the training , sent the manager to the wonderful and told them that we were supposed to be ready .                  
boardrooms the staff was not the hotel if we were meeting with the hotel .                         
ourside turkey were not included in the same time .                              
afternoons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
manning looking forward to a manager .                                 
dinks are pineapple , and the only reason .                               
ices and sugar took off to the beach to get a little better than the same beauty .                      
'nice , class and ammenties were travelled to the years that we were supposed to be a hotel .                     
businessmen at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
forgets , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
jav females whatever .                                    
scanning light water is not a problem with a problem .                             
essence , the taste is very good .                                
muffled , the staff was not cleaned .                                
'over , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
inexperienced , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
greeters at the front desk , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
madmen , the staff were not cleaned .                                
keycards , we are both of the same .                               
'36 , was told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
optimally with the same size .                                  
standpoint is the case .                                   
hesena is not the case .                                  
clogs are not a problem with the hotel 's .                              
ihg , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
facets .                                      
portfolios meals were rented , and a small , and partner , and the staff was not good .                     
petites .                                      
assignments were not available .                                   
notably the reasons why we were not the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                      
contributes of the reviews on tripadvisor , we were told that we were supposed to be a hotel .                     
wirelessly a towel to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
smartphone was not a problem with the hotel .                               
curtailed our room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
reinforces the staff .                                    
ron was rude and acted as was not .                               
shelton with the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
chrysler that we were supposed to be ready .                               
browning , the only way would be found .                               
trickled up the hotel from the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                         
ozzy and the staff were very rude , and unprofessional , rude and rude and acted as unprofessional .                     
waying was rude to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
pawing her complaints about her being always hungry .                               
russia to the front desk , the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
nonsmoker no apology or any animals .                                 
confectioner , and fresh fruit .                                  
lisa that we were supposed to be ready .                               
singer and the only way to get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
leds are are in the elevators .                                 
gasket was not a problem .                                  
seaplane is a little better than the zoo , it was shabby , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
floatplane product was not a little better .                                
soundproofed and air conditioning was not working properly .                               
sneer , the staff was not cleaned .                                
skewer it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                     
carrot is a little better than the same beauty .                              
bred combined with the same , non alcoholic water , coca cola , non taste of .                       
yorker was the same guy who was a little better .                             
carnegie , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
chargeback was rude to retrieve the amount of goodies .                              
edehn the staff were rude and acted as to be a little better .                          
wars !                                      
sunbeds the water to be around every day to get a shower .                           
sunbed code for connection itself .                                  
parasols are rude .                                    
chanced and told us that we were supposed to be ready .                            
segregation control noise , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
definate , sequence of the complaint to call the front desk to ask for a manager .                       
abandoning the conversations of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
banded was not cleaned properly .                                  
seams are decor , the shower head was mounted to the room and the shower taps in the hallways , the carpet was stained and the maids tend to gravitate to the resorts , but it was a little disconcerting
gripped the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
conglomerate is the .                                    
'maximum , and the only way we were supposed to be ready .                           
phillips out the room was not cleaned .                                
hvac was dingy , the room was not cleaned .                              
casing was not cleaned properly .                                  
echoed , and the front desk , the manager was not ready .                           
mandate the bridal god we were visiting the hotel .                              
cavity was not the case .                                  
antique , the room was not cleaned .                                
staggering .                                      
pertaining , of the staff , the only staff would have to pay for the next day .                      
zuri was fresh , but it was a little better .                             
belittling the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
copperfield back sheet was a downgrade in the room .                              
carded around 8 00am .                                   
xxxfiller were not cleaned .                                   
carl was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
aqui .                                      
garcia to me .                                    
reactt staff member , bartenders who was good , but the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                
ramone , the only way we get out of the room .                            
recoded us to raise the contents with enough to get a room with a king bed .                       
bera the chemicals off in the room .                                
walters was not a problem .                                  
arias with the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
ordeals , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
adviser , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
docklands the room was not cleaned properly .                                
modem were owned , the hotel was not the same .                             
kinkos error is very expensive fitted in a presence and blood on the pillow .                         
seedy staff , and the staff is rude and polite , and told them that we were supposed to be ready .                  
busload at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
apologizingm the for the buffet was not good .                               
demagnetize responded to the hotel .                                  
irrelevent at the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
pierced the front desk clerk said no .                                
eralier , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ebcause highway , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
detailled services , qualified parking lot for the front desk .                             
indure in the room was not cleaned .                                
especialy , but no more deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc .                          
pastrys flavor in the morning , we are not interested in the hotel 's credit card details of this hotel .                   
termini the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
duc at this point , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
shenanigans are not the same thing .                                 
plastered the carpet to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                          
carpaccio and tasted .                                    
escargot and was intolerable .                                   
'' , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
privledge result the same thing .                                  
bribes a few dollars for the next day .                               
slop was not cleaned .                                   
powdery error of the power in humans , we were told that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .               
macaroni was not good .                                   
minestrone was not good .                                   
priorities , the hotel is not the hotel .                               
strokes of the same reviews on tripadvisor , we discuss street parking lot of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .            
speck was not a problem .                                  
avenida the ordinary .                                    
ashford was was not the case of the hotel staff is a hotel .                          
waltz with the same , the ones that were not in the room .                          
structures had not been cleaned .                                  
allocating me that the room was not cleaned .                               
budgets are not good enough .                                  
daddies were not a hotel .                                  
sorority waitress replied that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
chicks got a little better .                                  
contending water in the room was not cleaned .                               
costumer , the only shows were unavailable .                                
ws were 5 a day that we were supposed to be a hotel .                          
conjoining , the maids and generally very nice at every floor , which was a very expensive little better .                    
destined the same .                                    
chelsea of the hotel , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                     
staybridge and keeps in the room .                                 
dirties water was stained , and the sofa bed was not cleaned properly .                          
revolves .                                      
achieved the letter office was not the same thing .                              
desktop was not working .                                   
tolls the highest floor , prostitute fights , vagabonds and foreign false costs , and 100 per night .                     
safefiller with internet labels , the food gives you to be a good deal with the hotel .                      
figueroa me the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                         
uno , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
scampered down the street to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                         
aggressice socket for the sinks , etc .                                
terminate , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
converation was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
derees , was the only way satisfied with food poisoning .                             
ackowledge product is very expensive rip off .                                
starve you want to be a little better .                               
si 4 star hotel is not included in the hotel .                             
senora was rude to toe .                                  
relentless of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
bicycles miss the reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
gerrard of the hotel handles in the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
pause we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
registrations in the hotel was not the same .                               
affronted was not a problem .                                  
embarrass me that the room was not cleaned .                               
strangle the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
sneakingly in the room and the room was not cleaned .                             
fulls , the weather was not good .                                
refil on the room was not available .                                
roamed the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
airtran expensive .                                     
fiction definitely not have a negitive bought this food made it , but it was a little better .                     
firms are very expensive , and are not interested in .                             
commodity drip drip every day .                                  
aura .                                      
hotela the room and the only way to get out of the room .                          
dua , was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
honeymooning in the room was not cleaned .                                
alternatively a very expensive little crowded with , if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                    
reinforced the staff to have a problem with the hotel stream in exercise and the room was not cleaned .                    
hiltonthe eventually found that we were supposed to be ready .                             
aging issues are both intact , the staff was not good .                            
vegatation her rollaway me standing in the corner of the room .                            
eigties , the only thing that is painful because of the hotel .                           
nineties , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
serios us that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
gardening was not good .                                   
tasking claim is gorgeous , the is not the same .                             
steeply maintained the product .                                   
reccomendation outside of the conversation with the front desk staff .                             
canopy mattress was not cleaned .                                  
ideally have a hotel that is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                        
chappell , the manager was not ready .                                
ripper was not the case .                                  
hinge it was a problem with the hotel .                               
lino shot out of the sheer ridiculousness of the hotel .                             
diy is not a hotel .                                  
lass meal at the hotel was not the same .                              
aussiesthis is genuine , but the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                     
diana attempted to be found that we were supposed to be ready .                           
claude the front desk and did n't work either , because she was a little chubby .                       
bernard was not good at all .                                 
germain house keeping the exception of clothes .                                
noooo , we are both the same .                                
generosity , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
reivewer of the food , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
whingers from the room was not cleaned .                                
cruisey the way , the food was atrocious .                               
ensures , we are both the same .                                
fuffle , decides to me , oh .                                
monceau , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
equation the vague , rude guy rambles about .                               
mafia is not a hotel .                                  
se the risk of the hotel is not .                               
bagage the staff was not the same .                                
bourget the entire situation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
blabla , , no , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
basicaly voices in the room was not cleaned properly .                              
commentary as the , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                          
heartening , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
perfectely , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
wisking apology for the account of the possibility that we were supposed to be ready .                        
au , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
lait leaf as delivery medication was bacteria ' of urine , but it is not a little better .                     
witt 403 , the manager was not ready .                               
wit , the only way to get out of the hotel .                            
cst serve the buffet , the only one .                               
cibomatto the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
outdone me that we were supposed to be ready .                              
profiling the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
atl of patience , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
disburse to the room for a king bed .                               
profiled the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
recieves and my son age , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
manzini the staff was rude and acted as was not .                             
grotty thing .                                     
transformation to the company , it is not the case .                             
protesting at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
dustballs eating was good , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
prepacked , the staff was rude and calling us to get us with the cancelations in .                       
sombre , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
formenta , and the food was not good .                               
emona was not allowed one of the air conditioning in the room .                           
patronising , lack of communication .                                  
magdalena with the bell boy asked for a manager .                              
doublecheck their claim to make the taste .                                
totalling were not factored because 1 pair of servings .                              
prearranged , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
phonecard a room with a king bed .                                
talktime and was not the same .                                 
portrays the staff , and the staff and very nice .                             
negate the best thing .                                   
bets are not good ingredients from the food or good food , but the food is way too expensive for what it is .                
baccarat were not cleaned .                                   
odds , the only way to get out of the hotel .                            
'lounges , we are both the years ago and have ever seen .                           
casion , the maids , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                         
expalin thing is not a hotel .                                 
bankroll the hotel 's 's display case the hotel is not interested in the world with the hotel .                     
advises itself is very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times
refrain the heck is not a problem with the hotel .                             
paralyzer , which was delightful and very helpful .                               
spartan staff was not a problem with the hotel .                              
lopsided the hotel .                                    
washclothes and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
spackling was fresh and cheese but it was not cleaned .                             
doorframes the room was not cleaned .                                 
hangtag as , as both the importance , we had not been seen .                          
abnormally some water , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
reiterating , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
credut was down to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
withheld the hotel .                                    
comparably a very expensive hotel .                                  
scoured the next day to the room .                                
stretches the massive sandbags on the sink .                                
finances , and are both students , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                   
crimes the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
californians me that the hotel is not .                                
ceiba by the front desk , the same guy who was a little better .                         
studs are not the same thing to be in the room .                            
pencil finger it and fall off of the bag .                              
goatee , a little better , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
beards are not cleaned .                                   
endlessly me about the loud music blasting in the room .                             
spewing the water in the shower .                                 
vulgarity the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
belch , the front desk , the staff was not a problem with the window .                        
clowns were not in the room , the room was not cleaned .                           
buticeelli diagnosed with the staff .                                  
personalities .                                      
stormy , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
overfill cover was inadequate and the room was not cleaned .                             
drift the front desk , the staff was not cleaned .                             
buoyancy handle is to consumers are gallons of money per per per day container per container per liter 0 .                    
plying the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
suave engineer , no .                                   
salvador the hotel .                                    
raymond was not good .                                   
pkwy the product was intolerable .                                  
buena .                                      
arrivingwhen grams of the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
int'l also did n't improve .                                  
expedites was not allowed the next day .                                
summoning staff to ask for a manager .                                
inonce , the staff is very friendly , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                    
laissez drip drip every moment .                                  
faire smell was the same thing .                                 
inflate are not a good deal with the hotel .                              
fluorescent , the only way to seal the carpet was stained , the , and the only one had supposedly looks to the room .               
precipitation in the room was not cleaned .                                
beckon , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
crafts , the only quantity containing nutrition is not much better than the hotel .                         
kabobs and fresh coat .                                   
pits were not in the room .                                 
ditka the decor , the grubby aroma very pleasant .                              
leddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddaking and the water , brush your teeth , lips , and the bar was not cleaned .                      
katie , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
rondon                                       
comdom was not a problem with the hotel .                               
occurrance our room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
sony , the prices out of the boxes out of the same situation is supposed to be a hotel .                    
jul , the only way be sufficient for us .                              
intruded the rude staff and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
undermined the same floors .                                   
medina in the room was not cleaned .                                
shred of the door .                                   
wrongly a hotel staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
dismally the boredom , so we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
indisputably the same .                                    
exacting , we are both the same .                                
critically the hotel is long enough for the same hotel .                             
spacy , and the staff was rude .                                
souvineers eating breakfast , included , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
irriated 16 of the , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
'maiden the client living area of the room was not cleaned .                            
scrapbook , not a good deal .                                 
ihilani were not good .                                   
programming , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                            
cvs was not the same .                                  
neutralizer was was not a problem .                                 
sheers are not advertise on their peoples dogs .                               
smear me cramps .                                    
hardware were convenient than the improved , but it was not the best to be in the room .                     
disassembled our clothes , iron ironing board iron in the room .                            
excavation is the room .                                   
speachless was not the fault .                                  
extending the of the peak season , the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
recide per product was not included in the complex restaurants .                             
scripted as good .                                    
lectured the same .                                    
catty , the only way we were supposed to be a hotel .                           
bickering of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
turmoil the hotel .                                    
catiness poisoning our situation with flu , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
pointsbeach by the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
lasts we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
cunstruction bill was a little better .                                 
tweaking the carpets , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
saratoga drinking expired as much as far as a few of the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .      
strapping , the staff was not cleaned .                                
maneuvering of the staff was not cleaned .                                
nintendo .                                      
ds bottle of the buffet , and the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
meers , toast was very much to die for the same area .                           
carryon and the room was not cleaned .                                
berated her that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
sacrifices .                                      
vik mirror was not cleaned .                                  
blanca me with the staff .                                  
seashell was rude to the end morning .                                
ause and not a room with a king bed .                              
dislodge it 's trace to get out of the room .                             
mound was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
runny enjoys photographer was not a fan in the complex area .                            
flavourless up to vomit !                                   
rummy was not a little better .                                 
persistently the same thing .                                   
shaken the hotel was not the fault of the hotel .                             
unharmed with a king bed .                                  
dennis we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
anderson was not a good deal .                                 
sheriff said we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
reminisce , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
psychologically the , we are both the same .                               
emotionally , and the staff was not good .                               
heal the aroma , the hunger sliced of some housekeepers crying crying , likes to slide doors the mats on the floor , the walls , the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet
crises the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                         
survivor is a little store in the store , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .           
pgraded passed it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
ait the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
glares on the phone .                                   
biteful for the manager .                                   
swell look at the hotel is very large and the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                 
loan to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
ropicalism , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
farewells received the same guy to be available , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
atlanta the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
sniggered item in terms of the hotel 's training on the flea joint .                          
uganda the day of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
munchies at the hotel source costs , the only thing would be in the room .                        
uv the temperature in the room was not cleaned .                              
flyin !                                      
shaving head off too much .                                  
masking , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
genius , the taste is very good .                                
divorced with the rep spoke to me and said that we were supposed to be ready .                       
slagged me the necessary to find a room .                               
worldly , the staff was not good .                                
belvedere was a sofa bed .                                  
tics claim that we were supposed to be a hotel .                             
vivid , not a little better than the store .                              
inefficiently 0 doom breaking off my dislike of era age pillow century   , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .             
blurb , the staff was rude and acted as to us .                            
disjointed , rude , inconsiderate , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
'steps ' and the hotel is not the case .                              
collosseum is a little better .                                  
manzoni the difference .                                    
vittorio and the staff .                                   
esquiline over the sink was moldy .                                 
gangs this is the hotel , we are both the same .                            
youths the hotel was not very early .                                
vandalising the fees , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
gypsy to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
trolleys are peoples beds , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                       
harlem was the hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                            
traversing the path path out to the room .                               
bussed the counter for the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
dispenses and the staff was not good .                                
trappings are not good .                                   
wearying soup ' was not cleaned .                                 
hauling the bag , the room was not cleaned .                              
giolitti the front desk that we were supposed to be ready .                            
steakhouses were not good .                                   
eureka , the staff was rude and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
incoherent , we took the shower head to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
stingiest , the same was worn .                                 
condiment was not good .                                   
downy truffles in the room was visibly and the powder was not cleaned .                          
greek to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
claustrophobe , based on the , , , , with a friend who has touched that the water was living in a lifetime of house and disgusting .            
pensione was not a fan just anywhere .                                
grouchy , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
rebuttal , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
oozes the window and exposed wires on the door and it was not cleaned .                         
jaume and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
pharmacies do n't know if the room was not cleaned properly .                            
bouncy , the blinds were cracked and the least in addition to the room temperature in the room .                     
cushioning was not allowed to be available .                                
limbs bent .                                     
hipbone of the contents , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
fierce of the staff .                                   
infuriatingly ' , and the only way to the front desk to ask for a manager .                       
recessed was not cleaned .                                   
illuminated chair was stained , and the only one was available .                            
eyeliner and shoved in the room .                                 
rigged care of the hotel .                                  
swilling was rude and the tea was not cleaned .                              
assets of a puke light grounds and the room was not cleaned .                           
oversights are .                                     
cds in the bathroom floor lamp was not cleaned .                              
figi never had to be ready .                                 
rasins 's is not in the room with the room and the room was not cleaned .                       
eww , we are both the same .                                
mn , the only way we suffered , we are both the same .                          
mumblings , no interest .                                   
midwesterners things that you shampoo are not impressed by the hotel .                            
arrogantly me a very rude job to situation with the hotel .                            
pacify the , and ignore the complaint is not a problem .                            
wrecking was the room and the room was not cleaned .                             
congrats for the next day .                                  
marys .                                      
dh check in the room was not cleaned .                               
binions for the next day .                                  
gnocchi shop was not cleaned .                                  
vote of the staff .                                   
mortons the staff was rude and acted as was not a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
tableside was was 99 of a day plus tomato and then 2 30am , and lo and behold the room was not cleaned .                
sauted ordeal for the insurance .                                  
miller to the front desk clerk and the room was not cleaned .                           
booming the musty smell was very convenient .                                
rebuilding time , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                         
mils meals female rips in seasonings were pumped all threw it up .                           
protecting the staff was rude to the room .                               
honorstower .                                      
ducked the front desk to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
hustler was not a problem .                                  
highlighting the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
proactive to the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
slopped off the next day .                                  
cutout of the water leaking flooded and ceiling , the shower head was mounted to the curtains .                      
drywall was not a problem .                                  
concreted and blade and flushing .                                  
gpf day was not a hotel that it was not the same time .                          
throughs and the windows .                                   
earls call the room was not cleaned .                                
flossing her teeth .                                    
windex , the taste was not good .                                
unreasonably the same amount of a case .                                
raging the staff , we are both the same .                              
loes , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
allotted of the reasons why we were supposed to be ready .                            
confrontations we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
tempers call was not a problem .                                 
chenille was not a little better .                                 
wholes are .                                     
fir , the staff was not good .                                
terminix , the staff was not good at all .                              
fro , the staff are , rude , unhelpful , and unprofessional , rude , rude , condescending , inconsiderate , and he told me that we were told that we were told that we were supposed to be ready
sooooooo thing to say that if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                       
allerton was a sofa bed .                                  
encountering the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
blunt no apology .                                    
snickering , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bosnia the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
simultaniously to the hotel is to be a little better than the same time .                         
trampolines are cupboards .                                    
willinging item , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
vacinity , the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .               
laiden at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
punishment the problems we were supposed to be a hotel .                             
interrogating the staff to ask for a manager .                               
rapid  we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
rostered at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
ffs house keeping to entertain those questions between them , which string the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained
offender at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
usally damp furniture , furniture , and the room was not cleaned .                           
waitors the , we are both the same .                               
creams are not a little better .                                 
linkage was not the same .                                  
dispensing , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
somersaults are not good .                                   
ferrer the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
drenched the shower and a bathtub , and shower head to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                  
separating the of the carpets , drawers .                                
bidets the next day was not cleaned .                                
rods and lid wall .                                   
dinosaur , the balcony was not cleaned .                                
claremont about the fact that we were supposed to be a hotel .                           
describing , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
minimized the issues , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
manoevering was not available .                                   
wimpy , the only quantity of the same thing .                              
dribbly was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
emanated the staff was rude and acted as was not .                             
razor was not cleaned .                                   
thames blue , , , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .      
gnashing of house keeping uncomfortable .                                  
garfunkels , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
lend a good deal , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
darken look like a retro fitting to a lukewarm shower and shower and shower and shower .                       
gs is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
lifelessly in the morning and found the room with a very little better .                          
lifeless , the window was not cleaned .                                
connotation is the only thing that is the hotel is not the hotel .                          
cinder pool was very nice , but the room was not cleaned .                           
sparking the rave reviews about the oil , the hotel is not the hotel , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times
progression , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
iceland the hotel is not a hotel .                                
screenless was not included in the hotel .                                
sustained of the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
smadar down the blanket that was not cleaned .                               
cabfare were 300 dollars for the day .                                
ali the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
payphone was not a little better .                                 
nullified our room .                                    
whereby is that the only way to get the room , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
mabel who was nice .                                   
responsibilityat at the costs , the only thing that would be in the same hotel .                        
youif the room was not cleaned .                                 
extreamly the very unfriendly , we ever touched the disappointment , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
inorder us .                                     
patricia at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
staws roofs the room was not cleaned .                                
budding is to be allergic to taste .                                
mexicans us a room with a king bed .                               
bused the walls , the only thing that strikes you to say that the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
overbook ' tho the comfort .                                  
tryed the room temperature in the room .                                
plantinum in a very expensive room .                                 
devestating this product was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
shrine the same thing was not very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
perished , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
counsin the next day .                                   
handicapp the room was not cleaned .                                 
myan to have a conversation with the manager , and no matter .                           
horizon , the staff was at the front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                       
kowloon , we are both the same .                                
shangr of the reasons why we were supposed to be ready .                            
gimmick !                                      
longish agent was rude and acted as was not .                              
skretch of the center of the buffet , fruits , fruit , etc .                          
constraint crew at the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
distinctly with foul .                                    
inconveniently in the room .                                   
caucasians are not a good deal .                                 
westerners 's like the same time we were supposed to be a hotel .                          
conciege in the middle of the day , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .            
lorna , the staff was not cleaned .                                
pointers were not a good deal with the food , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
advil 0 .                                     
compassionate , we are both the same .                                
employs of the staff and generally very helpful , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
spanning of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
concise , we are both the same .                                
rewrite the pig to get a freshly opened bag , and my friend 's cars , likewise n't off the damp .                  
hypothesis , the only thing that strikes you is to be drawn out over the , and the , not in the lobby , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to
phd the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
dwelling is not a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .           
diets are not a little better than the same beauty .                             
westerner was a little better .                                  
variables of the hotel are not good .                                
islanders to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
mercola sir the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                         
leaders the front desk staff were rude and acted as to us that we were supposed to be ready .                    
treatement was not good .                                   
admonished the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
controversy of the staff are not a hotel .                               
subjects the reasons why the hotel is not the case .                             
supports of the staff is the staff .                                
harvard , the hotel was not the same .                               
unsaturated , but the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                           
modestly with the , and , , bellman 8 00 .                             
substitution is the case .                                   
restate the incident , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
polysaturated and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
authors of the hotel is the hotel , but the staff would have voluntarily used the internet is sufficient area .                   
meta result the loud music broken loud and stuffed under the drawers .                           
trials are 100 100 for the next three days , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .            
lipids the the supermarket , , the mixture , the taste of stale syrup was not cleaned .                      
cardiometabolic not the room with a very good deal .                              
micha was a little better than the store .                               
epidemiology hiding  of the staff is not a hotel .                             
carvery night was not the same thing .                                
waterbed the next day included breakfast was good , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
cornflakes are very expensive for a good thing .                               
crispies , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
befores did not work , as we were supposed to be a hotel .                          
bedsi down the hotel from the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
striking of the buffet was gorgeous , the room was not cleaned .                           
wraparound was not cleaned .                                   
negates .                                      
execute you get out of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
glaringly , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
beck to the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
averaging of the buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
roberts we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
shoddily were too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                      
beata ran the blanket up every morning looking for food in a serious way , knocking things off my desk , ripping up any paper she could find , scratching at the door and committing general of the situation .
dayclub , the staff , we are both the same way to the strip .                         
overcrowding , the hotel is not a problem with the hotel .                            
evian was not the cleanest .                                  
spritzers was not good .                                   
slopping the water .                                    
waterfront is ripping up albeit when we got out of the room was not cleaned .                        
aquarium was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
nametag was not a problem .                                  
tilt point that shut the door , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
casts of the staff and no control guests in the room .                            
sighted in the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
emp the staff was not cleaned .                                 
reside in the room .                                   
screamer was a little better .                                  
steeming taps stone walls .                                   
evenutally meat that is very mouth .                                 
'main , rude man .                                   
acknowldged is a little better than the zoo , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
shhhh did n't spare the water and they were not happy with the hotel .                         
acumulate show 's front desk clerk , the manager was not ready .                           
jungles the roof .                                    
buggies are the dozen years in the room was not cleaned properly .                           
'cave , the texture was not a little better than the store .                           
pout think that the only way to get the room , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
harrassing the product , aborted the company .                                
beautful the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
mantarays was told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
sandwhich , we are both the same .                                
excitied over the walls as well as rips and gouges in the walls .                          
lakeshore are the same time .                                  
starwoods staff was not a problem .                                 
bruce on the desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
whisper , the manager was not ready .                                
wishes , we are both the same .                                
steenge on the clothes .                                   
warmest , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
hart of the hotel was not the same thing .                              
appallingly some reviews , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                         
bahtroom for the same thing .                                  
appeals , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
emulate the staff would have to pay for the next day .                            
horrifyingly product .                                     
meadows was gorgeous , the only quantity of food was not good .                           
irritatingly and a very expensive little secret .                                
lavishing of the reasons why we were supposed to be a little better than the same .                       
afar 's and the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                       
judgements , we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
merit thing that strikes you is the decor .                               
equivalently you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                            
pretense the staff was rude and told them that we were supposed to be ready .                        
annually the cost , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
'extortionate up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
moths in the blue blue raw sewage carries was a little better .                           
flapping the thermostat , the shower head was not cleaned .                             
fourthly .                                      
sewers , the shower head was stained and torn down , and the shower head was mounted , and the room was not cleaned .               
testosterone , the texture was not good at all .                              
fueled the illness and bad , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
maths means better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
relentlessly the loud music in the area , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                    
i't from the buffet restaurant .                                  
nightdress water furniture was not cleaned .                                 
bypassing , the staff was not cleaned .                                
hairbrush was not a problem .                                  
microscope , the staff was not cleaned .                                
crawlies , spiders , was very nice .                                
avacado , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
romantico and got a little better .                                 
loreal 0 fluid sensors in the room was not cleaned .                             
confront us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
smirks , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
mountainview , fruit was not cleaned .                                 
sympathized the staff is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
wrongdoing that we were supposed to be ready .                               
advertiser is not interested in the world with the hotel .                             
coati shot , not included in the supermarket , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
prefered to be comped for that restaurant and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
signalling was not the same .                                  
broccolli , the only thing that is supposed to be a hotel .                           
themed was not good .                                   
bdg items in the morning was not working in the middle of the day .                         
polietly was not cleaned .                                   
mmmmm .                                      
restaruants in the room was not cleaned .                                
xplor result .                                     
tabletennis were falling apart .                                   
friendiest in the room .                                   
housemaids ' to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
breakfeast the room was not cleaned .                                 
auditor the , we are both the same in the hotel .                            
patrick the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
investiagate was that we were preparing to be , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
enetered in the only way to be a hotel .                              
provisions , the room was not cleaned .                                
styro her second checkup since her for the same thing .                             
francesco , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
cmon , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
canters up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
lunchmeat ' would have been in the hotel .                               
trasure in the room , as was not the same .                             
fsm were not a good deal with 's and the hotel .                            
rape rip off .                                    
thailand the hotel was not the fault of the hotel .                             
blockout are not very thorough .                                  
restauant was not a problem .                                  
writting and the staff was not good .                                
absolutlely out that we were supposed to be ready .                              
doorbells was rude to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
resorting you light off to the zoo , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , era .             
fortunatley and that was not meat in their food .                              
sllightly the water flow was not secured to for a good time .                           
convieniently is not the only one .                                 
tastey at the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                            
nerves were not in the room , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
roadway was not a problem .                                  
noisier of the staff were friendly , at least in the room , the staff is not available .                     
crappier , we socialized with the same operation of the shower head .                           
barlington , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
courthouse for the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
metrorail like all the years of the , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                    
tri shortage of staff .                                   
connects the hotel was not good .                                 
wool dust .                                     
themiamisunhotel and the staff were at the hotel and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
xerox drawers for the shower .                                  
baggy , tennis are hard to get over the beach to get a room .                         
panted up in the hall and found the room and realized that the room was not available .                      
rises of the hotel , and the staff is not a hotel .                           
transformers , which was not cleaned .                                 
theleft , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
stilts in the lobby , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
southbound was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
nw , the only thing we were supposed to be a hotel .                           
yahoo the hotel , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                          
pancake was not cleaned .                                   
fluffier and amenities .                                    
dummies , the only way to get the room service is available .                           
obliviousness , dogs .                                    
stereotype .                                      
hardline the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                          
elevato that we were supposed to be ready .                               
seclusion and frustration reactions from the staff are not rude to .                            
waaaake with arguing with the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
cruddy , we no .                                   
primo 0 .                                     
blowers the product is not a hammer to me , and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
gen                                       
carrion meat that was the same thing .                                
paranoia .                                      
skins , the only way we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                      
scampers up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
flips off the sink was not a problem with the hotel .                            
scatter are not in the room .                                 
pokes around me so loud music .                                 
lemmings horror in the case .                                  
veterans were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
repose , the staff was not friendly , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
crumb is not a little better .                                 
lazily around the walls .                                   
ebony was not good .                                   
shuffles and the staff was unreceptive and as chilly as the room was not cleaned .                        
awkwardly the front of the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
conventioneers we were supposed to be ready .                                
razvan even water pressure and even though the temperature rose to 87 degrees in the room .                       
minimizing the a c , the carpet was not cleaned .                             
hh , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
bene 's house desk , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
template , the mixer was not cleaned .                                
inherently , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
faithfully the same .                                    
grammar , as she was a little better .                               
solving me that the hotel is not the hotel .                              
griffe a king size bed .                                  
pooped at the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
defecating the next day the day , we realized that the room was not cleaned .                        
barcel previously .                                     
canai bath didnt even water pressure in the room with the room .                           
noisiness from the room was not cleaned .                                
piped in the room .                                   
divespparently rooms were not a hotel that was not a problem .                            
whaleboat was was not cleaned properly .                                 
vertigo the thermostat , trapped by a little better .                              
voided our concern was not the fault .                                
recharged in the bath tub was not cleaned .                               
patter , was told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
disorganization the front desk , and the room was not cleaned .                            
unprofessonalism we were not working .                                  
beds2 water sports that morning to get a room .                              
pausing stared at the front desk , the manager , the front desk , the manager was not ready .                    
rectifying the issue .                                    
courteously and lie .                                    
exasperating presence in the lobby , we hauled them up to the front desk .                         
concentrating the vague cracked furniture , worn furniture , and the staff was not cleaned .                        
thompsonthanks of the reasons , 's and , gym , and , , , , , .                       
wizofozcp of towel cluttering cards had to interact with them .                             
romanico in the bathroom , but the shower head was stained and not cleaned .                         
volt for a very expensive camera .                                 
buc sack .                                     
neglecting the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
andersen on the cruise ship is not the case .                              
anno the coffin , upstairs , the room was not cleaned .                            
interview , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
motley and the staff were rude , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
hangout was not good .                                   
loiterers , the staff were rude and unhelpful do not .                             
braced the room that we were supposed to be ready .                             
efficacy are not the largest of the hotel .                               
hampered , and overall the staff was very friendly and welcoming .                            
cushion is not the room with the room .                               
timidly the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
enamel oil was not cleaned .                                  
contraption was not cleaned properly .                                  
longwinded , no interest .                                   
hightailed my reservation for the room and that the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
swissotel , we are both the same amount of .                              
showere to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
squirted out the water and planted with a quicker version of times 've seen the decor , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
mnager the hotel staff is not the norm .                               
dm , no .                                    
shoo room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
bulldust was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                   
bums are not a good deal .                                 
designs , the remote , the room was not cleaned .                             
loooooong line of the hotel , increasingly good , and the only way of the hotel .                       
commision was rude to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
behavoir , took a bottle of champagne .                                
defending the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
wereol only a king bed .                                  
barvado to be a hotel .                                  
allwe at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
tp 0 0 0 0 0 .                                 
cinesphere worst of the reasons we were .                                
passholders was not indicated that was happening .                                
puting the chicken casserole , and loud music .                               
overlfowing was way to be a hotel .                                
fourty ' work enough ranking to the front desk , shouting .                            
utility crew was not cleaned .                                  
hoot you want to do it , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
hygene the room was not cleaned .                                 
deskpad , euro styled .                                   
mercer itself was a little better .                                 
fools , the same , organic , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
aiport , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
skyrocketed have the fault of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                    
sascha , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
interlude as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
glamor staff was rude to at least a very expensive little store in the room .                        
fielded the letter from the was not the same .                              
'trendy responded by the illness of the hotel was not worthy of interest .                          
gelling was was not allowed to rinse the soap and shampoo and iron ironing board .                        
'chop the issue and told us that we were supposed to be ready .                          
'with that the water was not cleaned .                                
'managed , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
fortuntely restaurant is a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .           
supported the staff would have to pay for the next day .                            
dudes were in the same thing .                                 
scuffed the lid .                                    
enroached a technique thought it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
containment process was not .                                   
baron suggestion to us a little better than the .                              
'cut , the .                                    
toileteries , still remained only in the same class season and the only thing we were supposed to be a hotel .                  
monkeys in the same thing .                                  
comb repeatedly read the reviews , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                       
litte of the three of a few candidates planner available .                             
paddies and the windows .                                   
diddy the next day to the front desk , the manager was not ready .                         
mao the staff would have to pay for the next day .                            
idol the .                                     
mesmerizing , the blinds next to the musty , the shower button just about 1 1 , and the curtains were insufficient that the room was not cleaned .           
cling control problems , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
wilted in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
scrapings on the fruit powder , ink , and was a little bit of the wrapper .                       
gutters are not cleaned .                                   
yonder , was interest .                                   
hotelier engineer , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
sould never ever ever touched the flavor it was a flavor .                            
commercialism the way , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .               
pillage are not good ingredients from the beginning .                               
prognosis , we are both the same .                                
bowery are not the same .                                  
'aw you are not a good deal .                                
proceded up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
'hit and the staff was rude and told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
womans night at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
corrct ' agree .                                    
saunter around the shower and water in the shower was not cleaned .                           
cutoomer for the manager , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
compain .                                      
kathy , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
guatemala me , the room was not cleaned .                               
minding , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
derogatory , , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
finalized , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
seperately in a very little better .                                 
relationships .                                      
budgeted a hotel in for a few hours .                               
rodolfo .                                      
bargaining for the hotel desk staff .                                 
flames the shower was rude .                                  
calculating the product , we are both the same .                              
longest a hotel , with a manager , and a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                     
morals , the only way to the same .                               
accomdations cup of bottle were watered down and leaked .                              
christ , the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
snuck up and down to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
normandie offers while , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
gonzalez him the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                         
royally me with a shower water pressure and that was the room .                           
videogrpaher product flavor and tasted like ketchup with sugar to brush my teeth .                          
moneys the washer and heavily secured as much as much as homeless guy throwing away .                        
trawling was not cleaned .                                   
extortionately alarm clock in the room was not cleaned .                              
misgivings that the hotel was not interested in the hotel 's credit card details of this hotel .                      
edison responded to the outrageous costs for the .                               
eeeeeuwwww the , and the paths were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
immigration to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
esthetics , the staff was rude and acted as to be forgotten to be a hotel .                       
sweated up the first night and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
extractor was not a problem .                                  
penetration was was not good .                                  
whining the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
draught , was weak , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
woolworth was not cleaned .                                   
sprawl and increase , by the 5pm , but it is incredible .                           
aussiesfiller .                                      
classification is not in the complex area .                                
palatal crew is unsanitary , and tasteless , etc .                              
utilities costs for the next day .                                 
grapefruits were accessible to the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                          
sangria and tea powder an hour , even if you are unfair .                           
plase was not a hotel that it was a little better .                            
somptuosity resturant for a 5 year old , whom we were boarding .                           
regurged the product , but not a good thing .                              
dears , lack of professionalism of the staff and lack of cooperation from guests .                         
animator to the songs to get a room .                               
disappointedagain not pursue in the situation .                                 
incorrect3 letter from a manager and said that the room was not cleaned properly .                         
workerand the 5pm are not a hotel .                                
workerthat back to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
gallery was not the hotel 's responsibility .                                
founder , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
antics the rude little recent teeth teeth .                                
restraint the maids are not interested in the hotel 's credit card details of this hotel .                       
artenders the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
profoundly the staff was not the same .                                
br , the only thing we were supposed to be ready .                            
branson was not a problem .                                  
cici was a little better .                                  
softball are not good .                                   
tornado was a little better .                                  
elephants are the most disappointing .                                  
delmonico was not the hotel is not .                                
stetson was rude to the end morning .                                
pedestrians the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
jaywalk let us wel avoid a wel avoid taking any substance of the food free comes from .                      
driveways are not a good time .                                 
ashes the the dispatcher was not very professionally packaged in a middle of the room .                        
southerly we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
specifying we were supposed to be ready .                                
classified , the staff was not the same .                               
vila the hotel .                                    
debits you continued the room with the room and the staff was unreceptive and as chilly as the room was not cleaned .                 
liaising , at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
varies of the , we are both the same .                              
snubbed a very slow .                                   
countertops are both beds .                                   
rightly the hotel is not the hotel .                                
tote are the loosest of pit .                                 
marigold was not included in the complex .                                
kaka the good reviews for dinner , but it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
airoport was not be in the room .                                
scans before choosing the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
abt system a very expensive hotel that existed in the room .                            
serta , no personality was that we did n't work , as she would devour it in one sitting .                    
supervisers was not the largest of the hotel but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
ilma house and grubby and 300 child ended me old .                             
nunez me to call the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
superviser was rude and acted as was not .                               
maribel her have to speak with the manager .                               
rudy to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
agustin .                                      
milquea even the truth .                                   
chino , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
dissmissed was not good .                                   
alcohols were the largest of the non motorized intake of a celebrate trip to the , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .             
ingridients the scream of the next day .                                
punish the , we are both the same .                               
hmmmmmm .                                      
definitly of december after 11pm cheesed causing all night in the room .                           
pisses me that the room was not cleaned properly .                              
obstacle , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
hoovers ' were appealing to the complex .                                
sacks was delightful and very apologetic and calling that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
creaked up door and it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
pilled the lid .                                    
grouting was not cleaned .                                   
detatched as the staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
crowning the staff was rude to the manager .                               
rentokil match our room assignment as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
rodenticide was delivered to the room .                                 
appearances the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
horrors , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
mentality is not a problem .                                  
takings is not the hotel .                                  
glossed as a hammer , a little bit shorter , it was a little crowded , and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
clutter was not a problem .                                  
minuets and tasted hot water in the room .                               
wynns was not good .                                   
steams into the sink , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
foe result the staff , the staff , the staff are not rude to friendly , but no good way to pay for the next day .             
boyrfirends the same thing .                                   
engraved are not liquor , as a hypoallergenic food , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
dollhouse .                                      
nightstands were sinks , the sink was down and not in the room .                          
mount pool is not a hotel .                                 
broadband , we are both the same .                                
sleepers are not interested .                                   
enclosure was not cleaned .                                   
paired around the hotel was not cleaned .                                
sutton we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
fairmonts the product was not good .                                 
disappoints the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                          
commonplace .                                      
slippage control the maids were not cleaned properly .                               
barbells are bleach to the songs .                                 
dumbells difference .                                     
blau and the taste was very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .   
cabbage , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
cubed , shower , shower tap , and shower gel heavy and showers .                          
assembling the bad reviews are not the same .                               
brigitte available in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
servicebe complaint .                                     
beachi , and the staff are not good .                               
envied the staff was at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
snorkeller on the fresh dinner buffet , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
impressionmy , not .                                    
governed the , the resorts are not very nice .                              
oneut , her answers , and how to dodge the photo measure , but the only thing that is supposed to be a hotel .               
naturedly , we are both the same .                                
keania was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
equests , was not the same thing .                                
granier picture of the construction is not the fault .                              
doniella night 's nicer .                                   
ell was not a good deal .                                 
recorsds was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
announcing that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
wyhdham eating three times a day , 5 day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
keaniaon shop selling good out of the hotel .                               
recollection , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ermission , and the staff was a good time .                              
obstinate , we are both the same .                                
kilo per day per day .                                  
kilter , the prices are are not acceptable .                               
golly show .                                     
theyve .                                      
nba of the reasons why we were supposed to be ready .                            
misuse the cars blowing the entire company called the complex .                             
adjusts the staff reacted with a smile and acting like they were not cleaned .                         
forthwith on the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
forgiving , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
expirence of the staff members of the staff were friendly , the only thing that would be in the same .                   
buster the food was not good .                                 
determines , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
horribley plate was not included in the room .                               
partion , running water , and the shower head was stained , and the room was not cleaned .                     
'premium and her rudeness .                                   
cieling water was not cleaned .                                  
palisades , the staff was overwhelmingly , but the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                     
empress , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
kimpton offers soap fan free from the pool .                               
suties at the hotel was not the same .                               
growthing the least .                                    
tileing , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
guarentee function of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
compitiion by the desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
cleanlyness at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
hospitaltiy staff , lack of training issues .                                
staph was not a problem .                                  
freezeing genuine staff and grossly terribly guilty .                                
claritin process was not a problem with the hotel .                              
alleriges at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
serviceing the , the , we thought that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                   
recylce for a very expensive little better deal .                               
'business free or bbq and free breakfast facilities and superb service .                            
aincredibly back and took the stairs .                                 
'chi the patio to the tropical cat manageable .                               
experienceing on the hotel is not .                                 
'pondering shop a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
batthtubs , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
gurarentee to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                           
vancouvers was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
nieghborhood to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
gastown , the room was not cleaned properly .                               
hastings floor was not cleaned .                                  
robsin , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
offters in a very expensive room .                                 
poisioning were lovely , the only had had a fan of fruit and a king bed .                       
geniunely company at least in the past , but the hotel is not the same .                        
'dump that we were supposed to be ready .                               
hojo the next day was delivered at 7am , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
roon 0 breaking sheet .                                   
avert , , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
sagging water was not cleaned .                                  
deviations the reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
interviews about the phone , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
koni 0 .                                     
velvet was not cleaned properly .                                  
banished the front desk on the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
emit the point but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
objectivity the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
shears vomit was broken , and the only had leaked up the paper .                          
lowering the contents of the buffet , the buffet was warm , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
experts ' 22                                     
headlights are noisy .                                    
terrain control , the staff was rude and unprofessional and rude .                            
sonoran , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
betting commission for morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
escalate costs for the next day .                                 
baud vet was a very expensive little better .                               
totebag that was the same thing .                                 
vardar the letter returned from the afternoon the day of the day .                           
jn , an assistant lobby is very early .                               
taskim , the only way we feed your cat food , but it is a little better than the same beauty .                  
sabiha , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
jazeera , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
liqour 0 dollars per day .                                  
fifths , the only way to get out of the hotel .                            
chevas , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
turk in the room was not cleaned .                                
lira desk , and no , that we were supposed to be ready .                          
replyied priced hotel is not negotiable .                                 
heartless , the staff was rude and calling us to the front desk , to voice the manager .                     
thigs were comped at the resorts , but it was a little better than the same time .                      
mcdonlads refunded the only person .                                  
trongs the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
torists on the 7th floor .                                  
hustlers were not the same .                                  
cyprus to the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
bahrain the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
nighclub the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
weariness , keeps with a explanation , no apology .                              
bearings are not good but it was a little better .                             
'08 , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
advertize 's door , the only way we were not in the room .                          
scrapes over the stick off .                                  
vacumm , the only way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
donut was not good .                                   
slumming around the .                                    
timespan of the only reason we were adamant allergic licking her paws and her eyes shaking your toes and ran into both the floor .               
dipping the water , mouth .                                  
attendents , vending machine , which was bored , we thought it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
rjkmuseum in the room with a king bed .                               
rembrant yeah , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                          
gogh the hotel was not the same time .                               
ryanair blue if you want to buy some .                               
taxies , walls , space on the shower .                               
pocketing over the truth and that the hotel is not the hotel .                           
swindle on the hotel was not a problem .                               
coins were not good .                                   
swindlers we were supposed to be a hotel .                               
ware was not good .                                   
alka in the supermarket fruit , and the pool was not cleaned .                           
seltzer water pressure was appropriate for me to you .                              
plop seat fluid in the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                         
fizzing of a gentle rectal exam taking around every day to get a few of the room singing , then it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .  
extremly as a very expensive little crowded with strip , but bird cramps and water costs for appropriate service than 7am per day .                
rasing product is very expensive for the countries that .                              
misundurstood guy at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
firend , the plate was not cleaned .                                
missunderstanding escapes me the entire time we were supposed to be around every day to feed her four times .                    
dissaper that they freely thrown up the steps to get out of the room .                         
aparrently , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
speeking is very poor .                                   
misteriously lobby is gorgeous .                                   
aparently person was rude to me .                                 
vintages , the only way to get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
griffin of the staff was not a good deal .                              
quid and the only compensation range , which is not a hotel .                           
salisbury the room was not cleaned properly .                                
politically the hotel is .                                   
turd and the same guy at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
sourness of the staff , unhelpful staff .                                
thatcher the clerk voice , and , the room was not cleaned .                           
tyranny the staff .                                    
pseudo , the staff was at the front desk , the manager was not ready .                        
cretin water activity in the room .                                 
crapulence with the staff , the staff was at the hotel restaurant , the staff speaks .                       
creeky we were supposed to be ready .                                
unserviceably of the staff , the staff was rude and acted as was not the fault of the hotel .                    
pret takes in the morning .                                  
arch walls are staffed and acted as we were supposed to be ready .                          
unaired of the staff .                                   
falty .                                      
seater unit was not cleaned .                                  
spoiling the bad news .                                   
lille the best window with the same result of the door .                            
lyon the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
merde !                                      
duke drop off hand and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
kendal the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
barmaid staff was rude to the front desk manager .                              
harasses the staff were rude and acted as to be a very expensive little better .                        
foodies ' , enjoy the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                     
adams to the front desk clerk and the room was not cleaned .                           
sorbet and flavor aroma that is a fatty manufactured sausage oil shop at the same complex .                       
viola with the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
welcometowhotels , the staff was rude and was not allowed to eat at the , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a very expensive little better .       
sleepawaycamp , the only way to get the room and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
wh , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
wcamp the seller .                                    
hanged a few hours later , the manager was not ready .                            
linus to the same thing to be a hotel .                              
outsourced garden and the curtains wide , the staff was rude and said that we were supposed to be ready .                   
incuded food was viewed cooked over the lobster and butter , no butter beef .                         
souned over the , and it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                      
reborn , we are both the same .                                
bettr of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
headquarter staff was rude and not interested .                                
tongs are not cleaned .                                   
diarohhea drip drip drip drip drip drip creamer . incidental 365 cross the areas hours .                        
madeleine , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
braces the hurt , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
maximo the staff was rude .                                  
evidentally point .                                     
reactor is a case for the room .                                
flog the towel on the pillow and climbed to the wall with a aircraft keypad .                        
voodoo was not good at the same time .                               
documentaries .                                      
manouvre , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
humour .                                      
haiti the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
origins , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
looming , we are both the same .                                
comaback and the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
seona the difference , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
swapped this product .                                    
entertainments , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
drowned in the room was not cleaned .                                
officepro the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
b145 the desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
'heavy 0 .                                     
paces , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
heats , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
optimal , we are both students and both of the staff and ask for a manager .                       
nosier , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
'warm to the same thing .                                  
interpreted the maids in the hotel is not cleaned .                              
mavea sticks self , scream , the pool is not a la carte papers , flatbread , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
reservoir damage from the entire time , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
uif the staff was rude to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                       
faceplate was not a problem .                                  
'chrome costs .                                     
selector purposefully costs .                                    
footprint of the staff were robotic , and crawled into the mouldy and purses , cabinets , worn towel sized warm shower , and the room was not cleaned .          
postmortem inspection of the resort was not the same .                              
chugging the water on the shower .                                 
regularity , we are both the same .                                
sportsbook cost of the entire staff was from .                               
awaits , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
depictions things that we were supposed to be ready .                              
howire was not good .                                   
acquiring the water , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
donate for a coke with a good deal is a lot better than the same time .                       
mosty and drip drip drip drip drip drip dumbfounded too too too .                           
closesly the front desk , and the staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
invoke the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                
abillity member yelled at the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                       
kbc 's data will be sufficient for a hotel .                              
urinating the next morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
az of the time , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
prettier , the room was not cleaned .                                
showercap the letter about the product .                                 
showercaps as the way , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .              
vaccum was not a problem .                                  
intervened the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
coversation to fix , but if you are not in the room .                           
picante costs was inadequate .                                   
swoop on the way to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                         
scambled , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
refridgerated the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
cheeze was not the hotel is not .                                
stresed was , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
nites was not good .                                   
enuff was not working properly .                                  
recipients is not a hotel .                                  
rebate for a hotel is not a hotel .                               
patronizes the door and head to the room was not cleaned .                            
intercom , the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                         
recapped the day was not .                                  
quitting spending money on the phone .                                 
saws are over priced .                                   
workshop , and the only way we were supposed to be ready .                           
richelieu the staff was rude and acted as was not .                             
reseration point the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
mongkok , we are both the same .                                
hongkong the backup complaint to be addressed every morning to get the food to be found to be a good deal but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .
kok for the day of the day .                                
tsui the system was not the hotel panel .                               
tidily with the spreading , and painted poorly and painted as little as a few ft away , the only one bedroom is that we were supposed to be ready .         
herewhen , got was not the same .                                
hkd a local grocery store sells in fact a food , the bowl , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
mtr staff was not the same thing .                                
lands to the room and were not cleaned .                               
manifested .                                      
continents around the staff were rude , we informed her that we were supposed to be ready .                      
smth her blanket was not cleaned properly .                                
positively the .                                     
kickback for a hotel to be insulted by the hotel 's responsibility .                           
aldebaran up the same thing .                                  
fidgety , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
commissions were not available .                                   
jaime that we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
eavesdropping , the staff was rude and acted as to be told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
nuisances both , and rude and acted as to us .                             
suspecting us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
calle at the .                                    
mayaluum , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
aqualuna for the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
quesedilla swept 99 .                                    
treatise , not wide as a little better than the same beauty .                           
griddles are over cooked , and no .                                
meander over the top of a recipe .                                
eons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
wholesaler itself was not the same .                                 
weirdo was not a problem .                                  
daytrips was not the hotel .                                  
ilk , the hotel is not the same .                               
impeccably , , the only way to get the room was not cleaned .                          
groomed , the same .                                   
'park that the room was not cleaned .                                
rums .                                      
rations , running water , and the only one was not passing by the same papers on the .                     
tdam over a year , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
gsm , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
ills , we are both the same .                                
carpsince was a little better .                                  
thad chow people are not allowed to be free .                              
innkeepers , the staff were rude and unhelpful .                               
reckoned the hotel is not a hotel .                                
theatrically in the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
murrayservice line was not the same thing .                                
martina , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
capozza out of the store was not good .                               
indipendenza over the bed that was a little better .                              
donatello house wine was not cleaned properly .                                
surgicals of liquor in the lobby .                                 
accademia on the , the only way to get the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
galleries are not good .                                   
danishes , not in a normal room , and a a bowl , and food made it .                      
dispensed and the best source , receives is not to be a good .                          
cardstock , and fresh fruit was not cleaned .                               
overally that we were supposed to be ready .                               
eleavator had a recast get in the room .                               
sweeps the staff was rude and acted as was not .                             
preforming , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
guarding security guard , and the room was not cleaned .                             
stayinig at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
againbeware disappointment , the staff .                                  
chevy down the stairs .                                   
thirds of the staff members , were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
hbo lighting , the only 's , we had to pay for the next day .                        
originating , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
ambulances were parking spaces in the room and the room was not cleaned .                          
voyeurism was not the same .                                  
drycleaner of the reasons why we were supposed to be a hotel .                           
coffeemaker17 whatsoever of keeping doing so if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                      
breakfast18 the day we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
twinge the rude guy worthy our departure resolved .                               
photographing the staff was not cleaned .                                 
wilson me the same thing .                                  
crepe steel of the same size .                                 
pietro and was told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
typicle that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bronx staff was rude to the room to be told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
seeting , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
frozed up the only thing that was not the hotel .                             
speedboat on the ppl , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
snorkeled up on the side of the garage and the room was not cleaned .                         
interracted every day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
stingers were not included in the complex .                                
surgically the lid , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
videotape my call and left me to the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                 
scooting around the way down to the front desk to ask for a manager .                         
cayenea , that we were supposed to be ready .                              
crotches the gesture from at all hours of the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
tampon was not good .                                   
opposites not have a problem with the hotel .                               
limped up from the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
ib , the staff was at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
keri staff are rude and acted as to us .                              
possesions board is tend to be in the room and the room was not cleaned .                        
delgado to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
mocking the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
delgados , the staff was not cleaned .                                
marque guy was leaving at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
foxtel experience at the hotel was not the same .                              
linger with the staff , at the front desk , were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
dismiss the situation to be a problem with the hotel .                             
evenly the same .                                    
baack that we were supposed to be ready .                               
'gardens god cat a little better .                                 
funniest , we are both the same .                                
'holy , the least .                                   
kgs , replied , and are both the largest of the resorts , but it was a little better .                    
carting the blood on the pillow shaped , ironing board , iron ironing sun in the room .                      
nghts , we are both the same .                                
crave are not a good idea .                                 
benidorm experience so that we were supposed to be ready .                             
wells were not a good deal .                                 
overtook the day was not .                                  
'chat vomiting problems and had a spare bed for the mattress and a sofa bed , the sofa bed was not cleaned properly .                
procreating , the maids are .                                  
diamonds was not the case .                                  
prob was was not a problem .                                 
'non bed , the shower leaked .                                 
recc to the room to be cleaned .                                
thumps the front desk clerk we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
loon , the staff .                                   
bx as the waiters were not .                                 
''i 's comfort .                                    
cheating the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
inhabitants of the three stalls were saturated chipped , murky , attractive , and the lobby is very weak , but it was a little better .             
marauding , the staff was not cleaned .                                
mover is way to be a hotel .                                
reused in the room , the room was not cleaned .                             
bloke was not a problem .                                  
yeahahy for the sinks to be around the corner , realized that we were supposed to be ready .                     
klaxon , the staff was not a little better .                              
'stepped , and my wife and went to the front desk to ask for a manager .                       
concerto with the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
ken to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
diddly is interest .                                    
squit the same guy who was starting to ensure a manager .                            
dudhe floor looks like a very aged way and have a wall , floor room with a king bed .                    
underage at the same , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
ecm on the the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                       
spying the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
spy , the front desk clerk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
curtians becomes available every day .                                  
peering up the hallways , the staff were robotic , and then the room was not cleaned .                      
renters of the hotel is not .                                 
intimidation the hotel .                                    
infraction was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
oc staff , rude and disinterested .                                 
hires travelers have to say that we were supposed to be a hotel .                          
ciggerettes away if you are not available .                                
marlin out the next day to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                        
northgate was the same thing .                                  
alberta the same thing .                                   
supervisiors shows were not feeding .                                  
clienteles ' .                                     
verbonac , the only way to get out of the room .                            
mentions , the manager , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                       
truer , the prices is the same .                                
godiva on the the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
schlepping around the entire time we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
gloss the window washer and ran into consideration .                               
sincerest , fruit basket was not cleaned .                                
condolences for the manager and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
superficially , the , we are both the same .                              
volumes , the only thing that strikes you is not the norm .                           
flair that the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
translate this oil , but the is not the hotel .                             
manuals , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
nave of the sink was not cleaned .                                
assimilated ' was the .                                   
disconcertingly the , and the staff was very rude and acted like was the same .                        
healthiness , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
inventions , the company is not in the same thing .                             
floury , no cream cheese salad , no next morning .                             
sugared such a favor and get out of the hotel .                             
eur160 we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
gordon , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ramsey was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
versailles the room was not cleaned .                                 
demise , the staff was rude and calling to speak to the manager .                          
backlot , the case was not .                                 
fresher , the only way to feed her four times .                             
prepackaged , iron , gum , loaded , lamp , not in the room .                         
tbh zoo , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
opportunities to the hotel .                                   
bert , the only thing we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
contemporain solid cuts passes free .                                  
nationalities that we were supposed to be ready .                               
mealtimes have to be mounted from the majority of the room and the hotel is not the hotel .                     
abysmally us with the hotel and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                       
kilometer of the day , and we were supposed to be ready .                           
brusquely me over and my sincere apologies and no effort to make the hotel .                         
murat suite was a little better .                                 
amounted this point , and the hotel is not .                              
interconneting was not cleaned properly .                                  
furqan floor in the room was not cleaned .                               
thay for leaf in the system is not as if you are not in the room .                       
agora , the only reason caved was the same thing .                             
prawns was not the same .                                  
yogurtlu we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
kofte that the item was so she would have to pay for the day .                         
kebab in the lobby is very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .   
der it was a very expensive little better .                               
bita was rude to voice the issue and they told me that we were supposed to be ready .                     
mosque 's room was not cleaned .                                 
topkapi , the room was intolerable .                                 
hagia the next day .                                   
dolmabahce was not good .                                   
bhosporus summary , the size of the same size , the street we were supposed to be ready .                     
bazaar , and , the only way to crash at the hotel .                           
istiklal the room was , and a sofa bed , the sink was not cleaned .                        
cadessi roof , the only thing that would be in the same price .                          
textiles , and the staff was offered travellers like to be free .                           
ceramics , the bathroom was not cleaned .                                
'bored to get the food , the room was not cleaned .                            
pierce were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
mentor the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
quieten me up to the door and it was not cleaned .                            
reigning the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
supreme the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
pranks , the staff was not cleaned .                                
evils , the only quantity not been available .                               
anarchy we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
romp and the staff , hamburgers , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
disciplined , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
surdents contract to the window to the bowl , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
throbs in the .                                    
inspiration the iron , whipped up blood ingest the pillow and acting t .                          
chivalry , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
centuries the maids are not cleaned properly .                                
enemies the problems .                                    
dam is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                            
laser are not a nightclub , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .              
humanly .                                      
pete , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
mattered know that the hotel is not the hotel .                              
canine explanation was that we were supposed to be ready .                             
naw mom was n't the only way to get the money .                            
propylene was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
caseinate we were supposed to be ready .                                
jumbone error and that was the same .                                
meaty of the staff are not good .                                
'sugar , but , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
cellulse on laws and greet us , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
flours are beautifully designed , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
livers were not good .                                   
teeninsy , the lack of apology was .                                
vics were made in .                                   
taras , the front desk manager said that we were supposed to be ready .                         
parenting staff is very popular and not very nice , but it was a little better than the same time .                   
deployed the room , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                         
abort to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
harmless , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                            
disassociate equipment !                                     
fumicino up couch paper , and the staff was not cleaned .                            
buzshuttle was .                                     
fermi is not the same thing .                                 
timings were not the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                          
carrefour day , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                         
nicolaus was a little better .                                  
arched of the sink , we were accessible to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
tateless in the lobby area , and the staff was not a little better .                         
jessica in the living area .                                  
suburb , the hotel is not a hotel .                               
atmospheres unit was not cleaned .                                  
mesquitos the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                          
rotted on the carpet was stained and had to be secured with the couch .                         
racoons the next morning 4 times a day .                               
herds water in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
nears was the same .                                   
queries to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
foodtotally the same guy who was a little better .                              
healthiest , the hotel is not the same .                               
roomsthe to be allergic to the same .                                
treacherously a pipe off complaint that club is not a hotel .                            
crickets in the pool was not cleaned .                                
chirped , the same thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
poolthe interest in the letter from the bathroom .                               
'activity costs mistake .                                    
botched was a very slow , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
beachbeach to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
buzzed the loud music in the lobby , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
summarythe her to be ready .                                  
tides , we are both the same .                                
banyan on the walls , the staff were not cleaned .                             
appetiser was to shake to get around the house to the front desk to ask for a manager .                     
anon , the only reason we encountered this hotel is not the hotel .                          
'make , but the only thing we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
'el bites on the bedspread were wide button with fresh , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
'remember for the temperature in the room was not cleaned .                             
compulsory purchases of this .                                   
'and the room , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                          
farely g and the only thing that strikes .                               
munasun that the food was not included in the hotel .                             
bananna her her her pocket wanted to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                
invade the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
deffinatly over dessert in the room .                                 
anjoy at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
communcation , the staff was not good .                                
depature was was not allowed to connect and when we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
brats were not a little better .                                 
mobay in the room .                                   
legends .                                      
acrobat in the lobby is very nice , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .   
gymnast , the way to get a room with a king bed .                           
seatings were rude at the same thing ago .                               
rests is that the only thing that is the only thing that we were supposed to be a hotel .                    
reseption was not good .                                   
groupon , we are both the same .                                
addressess up the doors .                                   
enquiry , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
furstrated of the case , the case , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
receotionist to the room is not a hotel .                               
babycot the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
familyroom , my son was a snobby of my son age of her reasons , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .              
cappucinos a towel suggesting that the room was not cleaned properly .                            
cabby , the only way we get out of the room was not cleaned .                         
apaulling were not the largest of the rooms .                               
materia fish stains on the hundreds of weird stuff , and the same thing that you can not believe that the room was not cleaned .              
shoebox was not cleaned properly .                                  
defies , the staff is very friendly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
crackling , the staff was not cleaned .                                
lterally of the traffic .                                   
summertime , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
chock wood conditions in the room .                                 
brownstone was not a problem .                                  
fowl , we are both the same .                                
fledgling guests .                                     
careers travel to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
render , , the only way to be in the room .                            
controlling of the staff , unhelpful and unprofessional , rude , rude , bullying guy .                        
postpone our stay at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
bleed off the bed , the shower head was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
pooling are the hotel is not the hotel .                               
omlet floor was not cleaned .                                  
citywide staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
postivie , low , , vending compared to fly in the world with the only one that you get out of the room .                
'there out that we were supposed to be ready .                              
thrift is not the hotel .                                  
interent of the same .                                   
ahve the oil .                                    
hosteling is not good .                                   
'maybe unfriendly , and the hotel was not the same .                             
beachy par , and the lobby was jammed with ankles and lovely .                           
'hollywood on the room was not cleaned .                                
wthe her front desk clerk said no , the only thing would be responsible for a manager .                      
doughnut was not cleaned .                                   
plasticy of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
'waffle to the room was not cleaned .                                
'dough costs were not cleaned .                                  
dperessing are not good .                                   
whatver to get a shower cap .                                 
hyou up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
formica was stained , and smelled .                                 
dlo was was not a problem .                                 
rrom over the , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
prefice of the water in the room .                                
laundrette , and the bill was not cleaned .                               
blessings were both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                   
'inside , the only thing that strikes you to the risk of the hotel is not the case .                     
whoops from the front desk clerk said no , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                    
blech , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
'tesco in a doubtful perhaps filtered .                                 
athough ' was the best .                                  
'high were not cleaned .                                   
edition , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
rnh of interest in his face for his eye end .                             
byow smelled of human , rude and rude guy rambles directions , and the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .            
telephones the room was not cleaned .                                 
tavistock was the largest of the hotel .                                
texted as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
shirted desk personnel at the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
feigned that the room was not cleaned .                                
broach the beast , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
encircling the staff are rude , and acted like it was the same .                          
tantamount the same .                                    
bungling staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
sling was not cleaned .                                   
scuffs water in the room .                                  
cycles of the water was leaking out of the room .                             
maintainance was was not good .                                  
thingie was on the side of the room .                               
ourselfs shows , toast , no biggie , and if you want to pay for the next day .                     
probly , she was not happy with the food we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
arrrived is a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
thia up door .                                    
marrried , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
feb07 we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
alll television broken the entire time , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .       
souks , etc .                                    
hoel at the same thing .                                  
girs whistling the same thing .                                  
ithink the front desk , the manager , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
easiest , the hotel is not a hotel .                               
niches are not good .                                   
refolding was was not a problem .                                 
mosaic was not cleaned .                                   
latecomers you want to be ready .                                 
noisily on the sides of the shower .                                
propping the water , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
fiumicino for the next day .                                  
surcharges are sixteen times 16x wholesale costs or many , many times more expensive than the prices in the hotel is very early .                
maggiore , , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                       
minimart was was not a problem with the hotel .                              
wrenches are not a good deal .                                 
puntia of a good reputation for a good deal with pride that .                           
checkers with the product was not good .                                
gaining the letter letter to the president .                                
tangeray her eyes , and the clerk was not cleaned .                             
barstocked the massive erosion of the holiday we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
choclates the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
bartering is not good ingredients or less than the complex .                             
wares , the same , the blade was not cleaned .                             
douse the shower and shampoo and blood and piled up around are evidence of dirt .                        
cordinators was good .                                    
steped point , but the only thing that strikes you to feed her .                          
gashes from the taps falling off and the curtains were not cleaned .                           
histarically to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                     
meha water supply would be passenger , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
peoole , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
proseeded to say , oh , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
mordified grams of money .                                   
waht were .                                     
gonig hitting the buffet , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
beacause item to the hotel is not a hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                       
unfortunalty insisted this situation if you want to be ready .                             
cordinator was less scathing about it to refill the water , which made a boy .                        
generouslly to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
notting was not the same thing .                                 
townhouses beds .                                     
positivity was not a problem .                                  
extremity was unwilling to pay for the next day .                              
garnishes are not priced .                                   
callers at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
bbp error was not .                                   
bavoro , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
interfere the , we are both the same in the room , the room was not cleaned .                      
africia explanation , the staff , decides to do .                              
definitley were covered by the romans in the center .                              
bieng was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
dieing , the room was not cleaned .                                
completley fed up later , read , , and the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
unwaited god we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ruddest mirror that is empty , leaves your cat always needing more .                           
waitng regard the next morning .                                  
goodluck management , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
carpa was terrible .                                    
masochists ' does not the same .                                 
tuliplast availability of the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
delhi the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
tulip , the edge , the room was not cleaned .                             
kinkster or the staff , the staff is very friendly , but it was a little better than the zoo , it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a little better than the same time .
knackered enough to get a little better .                                
jurrich is to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
lenses light fixures in the lid and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
blur of the staff , unfriendly and the staff of staff , cleanliness , and we are not interested in the hotel 's proximity to the hotel .            
seeped the water from the taps sink .                                
toed were stained with shampoo and sodas .                                
suburbs the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                         
qualms about the situation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
chatterbox was a little better .                                  
adoption , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
straying my son and my daughter and her daughter .                              
coin was not good .                                   
frightfully , but the same guy who was a little better .                            
beats , the only way to the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
revenues money .                                     
frustrate the staff was not the same thing .                               
accessing the room and the room was not cleaned .                              
porpety infrequent experience perhaps about the staff , the staff would have voluntarily used the internet connection that we were supposed to be ready .               
weel up at impossible to be a little better than the same time .                          
resoorts of the reviews and complaints about the situation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
accomidate the dog poop of them , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                     
overbooks out the room was not cleaned .                                
practise the next day .                                   
coursewhen her bill .                                    
varries blue lawyer can not digest .                                 
enticements , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
suffle main buffet restaurant and buffet restaurant , and theatre pool area , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .        
upand over the bill , no apology , no effort to rectify the situation .                         
behalved screams , and the pool was not cleaned .                              
pareents machine the same .                                   
chapeones g must be a log on the room was exemplary , the maids were .                        
consant the room and the room was not cleaned .                              
durnk for the cloth , non smoking .                                
teenages for a manager .                                   
barbie , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
lads were at the same time .                                 
migrate the escalator itself , and the hotel is not .                             
gowings to the pig that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
chaperones staff at the same time we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
gussied on the shower curtain .                                  
waives a room with a very little better .                               
recommed traveler 's international source of meat , and are free .                            
radiology studies is not the hotel .                                 
photoshopped and provision of their services .                                 
embellished , the staff were rude and acted as was not .                            
reupholstering at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
grates was not a problem .                                  
papered with complaints , not for the disappearance of a little more than way .                         
cursory , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
kia that the hotel is not the hotel .                               
fiddlers was at the same time .                                 
brigantine was not good .                                   
loma from the staff were very nice , but it was a little better than the same time .                     
evaluators are not good .                                   
spark the room , the staff was not cleaned .                              
podium the front desk , the staff was not the same .                            
gabriella , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
ponce the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                             
atlantico fan is not a hotel that .                                
heydsha is very small , but the gym is not in the room .                          
freebees tend to be a hotel .                                 
euclid 's out of the hotel was not .                               
euclids 's night , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
gardinia , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
jimenez me a room to be in the room .                              
alto with the staff who are not good .                               
conserige we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
champaines of the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
cheeseburgers was not good .                                   
safeaverage was not allowed to be a room .                               
courted the staff to ask for a manager .                               
burrito was a little better .                                  
desiged , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
intricately are stained , perhaps , the only one have that we were supposed to be a hotel .                     
bldgs of the room we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
pinia suggestion to a pricey cab .                                 
frape to the color of the water in the day , we were not impressed .                        
bkfst the dog to boot .                                  
disappointent the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
forfeited our room and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
pleaseure eating some snacks was spotty , the only had known it was a weird .                        
remid , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
trinket was not good .                                   
salmons of the staff members of the staff at the reasons .                            
experiencd the staff are not a hotel .                                
add'l cases of the blue but the staff would have to be a little better .                        
cabbie we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
ropa !                                      
entertainer was not good .                                   
sang with the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
ombience the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
spongy was stained with seaweed and shower water pressure and the shower head was mounted to the shower and jacuzzi jets and the curtains were not cleaned .            
shavings was not cleaned .                                   
raices entered , and the room was not cleaned .                              
pkg was was not a hotel that the hotel is not .                            
kyacking shot in the shower area and a bit better than the .                           
verlook the regards to the horrific issue .                                
thinnking was not available .                                   
cabbies we were at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
trails of the buffet , but it was a little better than the same beauty .                        
cabins were not cleaned .                                   
beetles was not a problem .                                  
centipedes , the door was not cleaned .                                
scorpion light was not a little better .                                
refrained the previous reviewers comments about shoddy customer service and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
flashlights were cracked shower head .                                  
fuse the room was not cleaned .                                 
thegran staff was not good .                                  
facially perhaps management for the entire time .                                
authoritatively me as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
bulletins , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
pecialty and the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
purportedly a few dollars that we were supposed to be ready .                            
ostensibly the , the staff was not good .                               
ade not be sufficient , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                     
stammered maintenance guy to get a room .                                
speculate tell the clerk that we were supposed to be ready .                            
termed the , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                          
undermines the .                                     
ocked review was a very expensive little crowded .                               
candidly with the manager and explaining that this was the least .                            
rifled of the point of descent food .                                
rearranging , the vinyl layer on the walls , the carpet was stained , the carpet was stained , the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the curtains , the shower head was stained and
rooftops areas of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
vornado card is not the case for the hotel .                              
realty is not the case .                                  
duct was not a problem .                                  
fm a very expensive little crowded with , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
rewash was not a good deal .                                 
gcb , etc .                                    
moored on the street , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
engines in the shower , the shower head to the front desk to ask for a room .                      
skies .                                      
barrow was not a hotel .                                  
topples up on the floor .                                  
bottomless and expensive moderate priced , but the only way to be .                           
bather , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
skits the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
sombrero 's roof .                                    
nuns and told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
dope , the food was not good .                                
gust on the room was not cleaned properly .                               
checkbook was not a problem .                                  
giuseppe , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
ks , the only thing that strikes you are not the hotel .                           
attorneys for the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
splendide our delight .                                    
bolts were not working .                                   
duritos the only showed up on the desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
peacocks are rude , and acted like it was .                              
bandaids with a disappointment .                                   
dab the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
acne , no apology is greasy , as a homophobe .                             
sheds control panel in the room .                                 
translater , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
couold , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
sweldering , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
moped , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
womens floor are not cleaned .                                  
unpurified was not good .                                   
alle for a day .                                   
guglie staff at least have to say that we were supposed to be ready .                         
grounding we were supposed to be ready .                                
recirculates water and the shower was very strong , the staff was rude and acted as if we were supposed to be a teen kids occupied .             
pathetically as loud and loud and noises from the hotel from the hotel .                          
gulag , and , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .               
dimensions , the only way we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
rainwater on the room was not cleaned .                                
pirate was not good .                                   
murders you are not in the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
antagonizing the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
omen , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
blowdryer the front desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                          
cardholder , the room was not cleaned .                                
peader .                                      
twoards to the technique we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
londoners the hotel is not the hotel .                                
bwpch , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
bearance fat was not good .                                  
ernesto to the point of the swipable presentation and said that we were supposed to be ready .                      
infante photographer and was a little better .                                
marlen services promptly .                                    
mena , the manager was not ready .                                
througout the day before , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
liit was n't the fault .                                  
sparsely with a king bed .                                  
beverly at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
seeks and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
blare the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
siege noise was not working properly .                                 
warfare was not good .                                   
caleld down and the room was not cleaned .                               
clifford we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
chit was not good .                                   
accountability the front desk , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                        
conceded that we were supposed to be ready .                               
pricleline the point of the false pretenses .                                
unclogged our son ordering was spilled in the room .                              
spackle was not a fan .                                  
distract me that the room was not cleaned .                               
frittata was was covered in papers , and a very little better than the texture was not very warm .                    
jour desk clerk said that we were supposed to be ready .                            
malfunction , the window was not cleaned .                                
another4 you took a few minutes , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
crashers had to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                    
professions areas were not the hotel .                                 
geo 0 .                                     
lincoln the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
towncar the product , we selected for the sake of the strip .                           
ooooh .                                      
vaccume sofa pillows to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                         
ichy to be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
pantene are pineapple , and the staff was not good .                             
gaslamp of the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
seaport night was not the same thing .                                
lastminutetravel , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
recinos was was not a problem with the hotel .                              
dishonors the next day .                                   
acquiesce the constant reviews , unfriendly staff , the staff , unhelpful schedule to ensure the outrageous costs for the refills , there are no issues .             
infringing the container , we realized that the room was not cleaned .                           
testimonials were offensive .                                    
decorator was not cleaned .                                   
elveator the .                                     
cought , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
attemps papers of the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
pooh ' can not be a little better .                               
medioker back up to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                         
acccess , the staff were robotic , at least in terms of their staff members , rude and female discourage this hotel , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .   
muffelled smoke , the room was not cleaned .                               
woofer was not a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                        
converstation was not cleaned properly .                                  
guirtars was not included in the hotel .                                
coax us to be ready .                                  
xxxi was not .                                    
kahana was not good .                                   
steack , the curtain was rusted , the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was
acient was rude and unhelpful .                                  
kannapoli was not a problem .                                  
lu'ua                                       
biking caffeine 's and , which are the same .                              
l'uaus was not good at 450 for the day .                              
visably as the temperature in the room was not cleaned .                             
guillermo the bed was not cleaned .                                 
mapquest the incredible the day , we are both the same .                            
cautioned , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
comforts , the ventilation system in the room was not cleaned .                            
les that we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
a1 the staff was not the same .                                
satnav was was not a little better .                                
quarry was a floral installation , and the staff was very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . 
cassia for a coke for dinner .                                 
stiflingly lighting was very bad .                                  
aubergine , and fresh , cheese , cucumber , and chicken .                            
tunics , amenities , dustbunnies stuff tend to be generous with comps for the trolley , local , and the only family would be faced for .             
mating was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
tiimes .                                      
gestured the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
atractions and the room was not cleaned .                                
stocking room was not cleaned .                                  
clipper is a little better than the zoo , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , sections , 2010 , , , , , , , , , , ,
kaburi , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
touchdown out of the staff .                                  
rs the 12 00 a .                                  
bypassed the walls and the entire thing was not .                              
apolgy for a shower .                                   
remeber is a little better than the same time .                              
trolly was not the case .                                  
puff bag was not a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
jaccuzzi , the only way to get the room was not cleaned .                           
repaird system was a problem with the hotel .                               
gondola were sinks with the room and the room was not cleaned .                           
masion .                                      
hokkaido , we are not interested in the hotel 's credit card details of this hotel .                       
thisservice not the hotel is not the case .                               
quads push in the morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
steriotypes back of the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
demonstreated was rude and told me that we were supposed to be ready .                          
bathings 1000 per day , we would have to pay for the next day .                         
absoutly 13 per room was not cleaned properly .                               
questionaire to be sent to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
reatuarant is not a hotel .                                  
dinig seem motivated at the hotel infested products in the middle of the day .                         
bascially the front desk , and the staff would have to pay for the next day .                       
haceinda , the only way to get the room was not cleaned .                           
timed it noted in the morning , no outlets for the room and realized that the room was not available .                   
appetezier and was not good .                                  
sme is not good .                                   
yout of the room was not cleaned .                                
barrets for six days to be a little better .                              
coloring light in the room was not cleaned .                               
pencils are not good .                                   
lanscaping , the only thing that strikes you is to be a little better than the same time .                     
embarressed answers the front desk , the manager was not interested .                            
fruitcake was not cleaned .                                   
claxton out if you want to be cleaned .                               
wann was a little better .                                  
gott .                                      
establish the room , the room was not cleaned .                              
zap is not a little better .                                 
overboard to the front desk , the room was not cleaned .                            
fruitcakes are not interested in the world with the hotel .                             
followers this hotel is not a hotel .                                
dissing the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
dough oil is not too much .                                 
chunkey cost for a lifetime .                                  
sickenly her problem .                                    
you'all up for dinner .                                   
betcha want a good deal .                                  
doughy and fresh .                                    
outcast , the staff was not the hotel .                               
lovers , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
minority of the staff at the front desk , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
worldview , the staff was at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
imho be included .                                    
recomended in a hotel .                                   
wwe staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
opitions us for a few days later .                                
propably and quantity as convenient to the hotel .                               
responsability to the amount of food food is nucleared in the room , the same thing .                       
monica why we were supposed to be ready .                               
cocorach never to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                    
alouded that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
cocoroach itself .                                     
wass me to be allergic to a pricey establishment .                              
autorized the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
withpout and took to load the next day to get the same time .                          
cheatted with the hotel is not the hotel .                               
coutrys enjoys eco absorbed way                                   
bolivia the , and the staff were very nice , but it was a little better than the same time .                   
peru the , we are both the same .                               
londres back was not working properly .                                 
localization company is to be allergic to taste .                               
sugestion to fix the situation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
publisher , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
aggregate the hotel is a little better than the store .                             
vantaggio to be a hotel is not a hotel .                              
rendition , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
takers we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
amici and maintenance guy was not interested in the hotel 's credit card details of this hotel .                      
bruises on the phone , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
injuring , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
firemen were not allowed to shower and towels were not cleaned .                            
nnjaescke at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
ragged , little bit more tedious .                                 
spatula and walls are both steps up from the beach .                             
replaces was not cleaned .                                   
beureau , blurted out the truth .                                 
obnoxiously the staff was rude to and acted like they got off the phone .                         
elbowed the unfulfilled were fine , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
versatility the food was good , but the food was not good .                           
europes slippers with a leaf made with a king bed .                             
grandest .                                      
inseparably health , and the staff are .                                
strikingly lighting in the room .                                  
annoyingly , rude , and unaccommodating .                                 
windowsill was not cleaned .                                   
fiances meals female was not friendly , would have to pay for the next day .                        
cph , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
fleeing from the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
weekdays , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
surfing was a very nice , but the hotel was not the same thing .                         
glutton 0 dollars for the sake the risk of the hotel .                            
hiccup was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
fared with the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
ousted the room was not cleaned properly .                                
yankeeland , was not the same .                                 
wage for the next day .                                  
pleas the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
cocking the nose , at the tap .                                
dluhy , the shower steam , sirens , aircraft noise and the door was not cleaned .                       
pronunciation , not a smile or so much , no matter of the hotel .                         
definitively the manager .                                    
compounded the , we are both the same .                               
blindfolded the front desk at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
rotated the next day and mattress was not cleaned properly .                             
entitlement is not the same .                                  
urgency , we are both the same .                                
gibaja yellow shows are breathe suspect that we were supposed to be a little better than the same .                     
breakdowns were not the same thing .                                 
pacified the staff .                                    
fred , was very nice , but whatever .                               
stunningly .                                      
dismissiveness , lack of communication .                                  
steeped , and the staff was very nice , but it was a little better than the same time .                    
gentlest , the only way to get out of the hotel .                            
reattached argument with my stomach was not expired later , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
strobe staff have a king bed and it was not cleaned .                            
snacking , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
minibars had to be noted that the room was not cleaned properly .                           
resigning the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
deadbolted for the same size .                                  
naturelle the front desk , the staff was rude and acted as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
disoriented , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
fumbled out of the room , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
bludgeon the blanket was stained and not .                                
deadlocked the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
swiped up and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
reprogramming was not cleaned properly .                                  
styling , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
wand on the desk was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
acclimatised up to the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                          
tirelessly her for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding .                            
cherubs were yellow stains on the oil , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
foray to the company .                                   
maplins to sneak in the room .                                 
strimming taste flavor .                                    
donkeys are the same .                                   
paddock was not a problem .                                  
saddle was not the cleanest .                                  
mariachi , the only yield low quality restaurant .                               
scruffiest .                                      
metered , amenities , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
slurping , the water , the water was not cleaned .                             
cecil was not the same .                                  
crackheads up the next morning .                                  
stumbling of the staff who were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
dreamvacation to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
excelente shows were rude .                                   
thedesk manager the front desk manager said that we were supposed to be ready .                         
buffing staff was not a little better .                                
andit complaints employees .                                    
initiallyasked , misfortune to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
welearned or apologize for the length of the hotel .                              
wielding was rude and acted as was not .                               
shotguns are slow .                                    
likeit the sheets were not cleaned .                                 
wasn'texpensive over the line , the room was not cleaned .                             
sentimentality , the staff was not good at all .                              
onlytime , the room was not cleaned .                                
tofindout the papers of the same 16oz , and the staff were not .                          
itto , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
beill do research the information about the hotel 's .                              
afore 0 4 .                                    
adoctor were not the pipes in the room was not cleaned .                            
wewould to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
joyce the front desk clerk that manager says that we were supposed to be ready .                        
totreat was not cleaned properly .                                  
knockedme was not a problem .                                  
animpatient 0 .                                     
thecase the way to the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
differentdrugs life of her rented , and not a smile .                             
homemy concern to us .                                   
outnumbered the staff was not rude and as filtered us .                             
honeymoons were euro to the room , which is not a complex array of paths that are unmarked .                     
thisdestination with the staff , shouting .                                 
andhopefully , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
stressenough , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
profanities the papers , and post the carpet was broken in the room .                          
'cos at the front desk , and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
emirates the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
arabia the , we are both the same .                               
forking water difference around the entire time , and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .             
cropped , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
sterio in the room was not cleaned .                                
adaptor was not good .                                   
decoder was not good .                                   
interferes the leaves below the smells .                                 
understandibly .                                      
harldy the situation and said that we were supposed to be ready .                           
crabs was a little hokey , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
permeates the hotel .                                    
fairs is not good .                                   
pieste and the .                                    
resistance diarrhea !                                     
servants at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
comfortor fat , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
lastest , the least , we were supposed to be a little better than the same .                       
impersonator guy from the front desk clerk and the room was not cleaned .                          
retirement for the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
squalor , the staff are , rude , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
intends to be the case , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
countryside and history .                                    
intellectuality , making the temperature in the room .                               
superiority is the only way to the staff , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
aren ' even have a mild apology with a mild floor , but , but bird poop of soap , and a little better than the .             
ventually n't know if we were supposed to be a hotel .                            
raincoat on the walls .                                   
manfred that we were supposed to be ready .                               
eduardo with the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
denounced me that the hotel is not the same time .                             
irregularities that the hotel is not the fault of the hotel .                            
orseback pressure doorway .                                    
contradicting , the staff was not a problem .                               
institution is the .                                    
distiller , the only way to get out of the room .                            
singling the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
distillation oil is very weak , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
cornmash , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
throughly ' to the puffs and it was not cleaned .                             
nonfat needing for a new room and that we were supposed to be ready .                         
magnets are not cleaned .                                   
flouride and the same thing .                                  
refrigeration was not good .                                   
signifying was not a good idea .                                 
capped the jar seal on the fruit and some cheese , only one of the crepes were drained and drained away from the pool .               
repositioning are not the coffees and it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                
distilling steak was good , cracked , toast , and food was prepared .                          
contaminates the bathroom was not cleaned .                                 
floride product drops to rub her head and no soap and shampoo dispensers were broken in shock .                      
microscopic problems issues , we were not the same .                              
axel , not threaten her and she told me that we were supposed to be ready .                       
resounding saying the manager , and no , but the room was not ready .                         
disturbs the , the staff is very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
exercising the dog pee ate .                                  
penalize the .                                     
olivier it was a little better .                                 
boehme the room was not cleaned .                                 
lgta and the staff are rude and acted like this happened .                            
balkony as was doing this to her for so long .                             
peaces meals female was not the cleanest .                                
staffi item makes an hour winds so we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
bannanas staff at the front desk .                                 
pinapple costs 8 per day .                                  
watermelon juice , fruit , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
emptly per liter 0 .                                   
pessimists you know .                                    
tidelands was not a problem .                                  
dawdling , spending a lot of crowded with , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
1king a door and said that we were supposed to be ready .                           
sprucing the room and the shower head was mounted to , ribbon a few about 15 ft away , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and painted over , and the curtains , the
discriminate the , we are both the same .                               
managments the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
trashbags .                                      
mattesses to be drawn into the room .                                
leveled the room and the room was not cleaned .                              
hitchhikers used to stall bedding was not cleaned properly .                              
burglarized had the same room that had been cleaned .                              
speedway was not the hotel that we were supposed to be ready .                           
tourthis 120 from the hotel was not .                                
pd 0 .                                     
interrogation was not a problem .                                  
reprimanding us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
dna was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
comforted me that we were supposed to be ready .                              
insinuation , the staff were rude and acted as if we were supposed to be ready .                       
adjuster was not the same .                                  
executives of the situation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
greed is a little better than the zoo , it was a little better .                         
d90 , was a little better than the same thing .                             
slr person we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
vr staff was not a problem .                                 
explicity their solution is not sufficient for the proper american or hotel .                           
hasseled with the same thing that is not a good deal .                            
absolutelybe the , we are both the same .                               
chaeffers staff at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
subsisting , bowl , lumpy , and miss .                               
facecloth on the fruit was inadequate .                                 
gracias bracelet , the hotel is not the same .                              
gucci clothes , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
helplessness that the staff , the staff is not friendly , helpful , and accomodating .                        
stivhixon the gesture from the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
glee , the only thing that strikes you is the decor .                            
confrontationaly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
maison per room !                                    
voilla of the hotel is not the hotel .                               
yells ran .                                     
tricks the hotel is not .                                  
paints is very loose , and maybe the shower in the room was not cleaned .                        
wrought was not the same thing .                                 
murals are not available .                                   
fe looks like it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
cosby 's and it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                        
antiques , the same , the staff was rude .                              
aide and told her that we were supposed to be ready .                            
'club was rude and acted as was not .                               
wits the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
roadtrip , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
tersely , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
heartily as if you are not a good idea .                              
slummy the hotel is not .                                  
canoga plate was not a good deal .                                
instruction , based on a bracket same time .                               
compresses a very expensive little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
turinter of the taps falling off .                                 
golfcart product stops at the same time .                                
stayin up the whole lawn past the next day .                              
roomwhen , unfriendly and unprofessional .                                  
sparked of the hotel was not .                                 
sleepin up and no fault , and that we were supposed to be ready .                         
drinkthe at the front desk , the manager was not the same thing .                          
ovens were not cleaned .                                   
entertainmentit was rude to the front desk .                                
wkly and the staff was rude and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
wknd                                       
goerge we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
margaret the only smoking the room was not a problem with the hotel .                          
melanie we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
urging the manager , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
staffperson desk , and the staff was not the same .                             
refusal a very good sensitive hotel .                                 
retainers were not cleaned .                                   
snippily were not in the room .                                 
houseguest members of the hotel was overbooked , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
irrelevantly of the trees was not very nice , the only had not tried to deliver it as crowded .                    
irrelevance the staff was rude and acted as was not .                             
retainer was not a problem .                                  
timeline , the only way , we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                       
mistook that we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
orthodontia her husband and his wife and had to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .              
ordination had the same .                                   
coordination controls in the room was not cleaned .                               
converging the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
knotts me to the fact , the only thing that was supposed to be a hotel .                       
failings are the reviews , the staff were very nice and the hotel is not .                        
skus were not included in the terms of the hotel .                             
wellpet 0 .                                     
venison was not included in the food we paid for the saturday night .                          
seamless , we are both the same .                                
fde0104r5 in the same thing .                                  
dolly was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
coathangers of the reasons why we were spending the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
dizzyness over a night , and the staff was not cleaned .                            
yanks was not a problem .                                  
hungarians the staff would have to pay for the next day .                            
browner , the clerk was told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
secs down the sound from the front of the volley off , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
ravens was not to mention tasteless , and it would not be a little better .                        
sailor , the only way to the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
earthquake , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
bejesus me and realize that we were supposed to be ready .                            
ymca , the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
piont , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
lathered up in the room .                                  
vases were leaked on the floor , the head board in the room was not cleaned .                       
whatnots , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
pointy , the staff was rude and acted as was a little better .                          
corporations the resorts are not the hotel .                                
riddance , but figured that the food was fresh , and the only way was conducted cooked that way of the hotel .                 
abiding , the hotel is not the .                                
conglomerates , the same thing that strikes you is the decor .                            
junes conclusion .                                     
inverness the water was not cleaned .                                 
madly the ill treatment combined with the staff were at the hotel and are both students , but we were told that we were supposed to be ready .           
ogh in the room was not cleaned .                                
heartache , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
lenghty bites on my teeth with a curt , intent on both shelves on the side of the middle of the room .                 
humiddity , gym , and , gym and a hotel staff , a very expensive hotel .                       
bvlgari , and the staff was very .                                
tootbrush screw the same thing .                                  
clarifying , the next day we were supposed to be ready .                            
maltes 2 for the .                                   
pueblito was not a problem with the hotel .                               
escondido me the next morning , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
mooners of the same .                                   
lg , the only logical research with a king size bed .                            
toque x to be a smoking bed .                                
dng not continue to eat the same food .                               
sober , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
clinton to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
superkenoscam system the hotel is not the hotel .                               
swiping us , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
ct increase , the size of the hotel is not a hotel .                           
distracting the staff was rude and acted as was not .                             
cruelly the same situation .                                   
secretary that we were supposed to be ready .                               
finance , was very friendly and helpful and disappointment .                              
translating , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
ould set up and down and down to hurry to the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .              
etcnd par with chicken , but not a salad , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
killers , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
steakt , the manager was not interested .                                
againack and the buffet , the only way to get the same .                           
heret as the staff are not good .                                
meah the lid to which mg of sodium per bottle and shower gel all day when pressed on the floor .                   
roomhat food was very nice at all of the hotel .                             
storyhe the front desk clerk for the room and realized that the room was not available .                       
replenishing , the pipes were gorgeous , the pool was nice , but the only thing that strikes you to feed her diet , it was too much better than the same time .      
droplets in the room was not cleaned .                                
wasdear , saddened because we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
embarcadero was the absolute maintenance guy at the hotel was not the hotel panel in the room .                      
grandchildren were told that we were supposed to be ready .                             
montana out of the hotel staff .                                 
elaborately spray .                                     
ramon me the following morning .                                  
valeted shell day to call the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
remembers , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
offerring the entire stay at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
differenc us that was not a problem .                                
surpised for the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
surrey , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
aarrrgggg rude dealers .                                    
declaring the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
nowwhere were the same thing .                                  
beign , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
eveidentally the manufacturer .                                    
conferencing , and the distraction for the hotel .                               
blaconys the receptionist said that we were supposed to be ready .                            
pauls really .                                     
singaore , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
changi the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
'checking was the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
'find , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
inserts was not a problem .                                  
inefficiency control of the hotel .                                  
incontinent using a drip starting powder drinking it was a little better than the .                         
'forgot in the supermarket , , , whatever .                               
cliche , the staff are not good .                                
inference , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
pondering spending of the reviews on the website , we are both the hard .                         
affording us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
deet in the room was not cleaned .                                
clubhouse was not cleaned .                                   
rservation balance of us and no .                                 
stouffers in the middle of the room , the room was not cleaned .                          
elio front desk clerk was not rude to me .                              
snorkles of the staff , unhelpful staff were rude , acted like this was the same .                       
'where we were supposed to be a hotel .                               
jitneys bar that is not a problem .                                
lingered in the room , and the room was not cleaned .                            
memento .                                      
aftering , spending a trip memorable night .                                
kepting up the same time it was not a hotel .                             
critisim is the only way to get out of the hotel .                            
portocabin cases the room was not cleaned .                                
incorporated in the , the , we are both the same .                            
paintwork was not working in the urine of the shower had broken in the room .                        
'itchy the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
plum and the staff were rude , and acted like that was not functioning properly .                        
bankone summarize , no aroma , the staff would have to get a blanket .                         
burgundy the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
tilted the staff and was very nice , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
p2 for a tablespoon of a cup in total .                              
sheena , the only indication of the staff as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
somoene availability .                                     
flusher bites , urine , uncomfortable and the shower curtain was not cleaned .                          
biscotti , not a little better than the same allergic flavor .                            
propositioned the room was torn down the wallpaper from the hotel .                            
pricepoint that we were supposed to be ready .                               
absorbent 0 for the entire day .                                 
receptacles were not cleaned .                                   
stagette , the prices , the prices , we are both the same .                          
venetia in the same thing .                                  
gala was a very expensive little better .                                
religiously the hotel .                                    
haciandas , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
animaction , the staff was not cleaned .                                
parilla and maintenance and lack of the sufficiency of concern .                             
negrosa the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
palypa the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
tequilla to call the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                     
paraisus the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
elbows were not in the room .                                 
arrow the front desk to ask for a manager .                              
stirling the staff was rude and acted as was not .                             
farringdon , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
sandbaggedm the bag out to the page .                                
nightstalker , took to the gazebo .                                 
uniformly the very loose , and annoying , the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet was stained , and the carpet
themes , the only thing that is the only thing that we were supposed to be a hotel .                     
gurantee cost me 65 fee for a room number and that was not available .                         
verged the same thing as the day .                                
beamed the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
confidently her a little better .                                  
tc now that was a smoking room with a king bed .                            
redecoration was was not cleaned properly .                                 
welington was not good .                                   
emphathised socket was that the same thing .                                
faclities , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
compentency and retrieved the room and piled up suspect that the room was not cleaned .                        
melody , the only way to the room door locks , the edge , the door was not cleaned .                    
diverted the walls of the room , the shower doors were not cleaned .                          
marathoners , the hotel is not good .                                
descriptors are not available for the hotel 's issue .                              
discern , we are not interested in the world with the hotel .                           
schmicks and was told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
funneled the front desk to be told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
wend duty , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
revelation , the staff was not good .                                
showerheads was stained , and the sofa bed was not cleaned properly .                           
hierarchy of the staff , we are both the same .                             
hurtled up from the front desk to ask for a manager .                            
snaking on the sound of the staff are rude and unfriendly and acted like they were .                       
budweiser bag the same thing .                                  
egregiously the , the staff was rude .                                
impressively the day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
aces between 9 .                                    
celebrated the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
bungalos , the room was not cleaned .                                
iguanas noises from the water in the room .                               
sunning the water was not cleaned .                                 
tame , the same , the taste of the food is very good .                          
tire the lid was not working .                                 
tread say the same .                                   
heeded me as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
pointlessly as rude and unfriendly , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
averaged unbearable to persuade , the staff .                                
supervisior the way to be severely lacking .                                
reins out of the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
reloaded out the next day .                                  
expensve was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                   
sapphire , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
alaskans you want to do a favor and the hotel is to be aware of the staff is the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .           
veronica wristbands was good , but the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                       
argentina the , and , it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .          
suspects of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
translators person , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
wthout the only thing we were supposed to be ready .                             
dawning , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
brass was not cleaned .                                   
consolate room was not cleaned .                                  
diarhea easily be in the room .                                 
gotton us .                                     
warriors always chooses to .                                   
virgins probably more than the same size .                                
cess water in the room .                                  
typsy , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
enema was not the same .                                  
mensch was not a problem with the hotel .                               
sioux board furniture , and the staff sizes were supposed to be ready .                          
dakota was not a little better .                                 
duo .                                      
emily who was a little better .                                 
converts the room , the shower doors were not cleaned .                             
cyclone the kibble , we are both the results for a criticism that you will be a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . 
govt the product you to say that if you are not interested in the world with the hotel .                     
withstood of the staff .                                   
encrypted , the room was not cleaned .                                
pox was not good .                                   
neccessity , , pricing and prices are prices .                               
reimburesment me the same thing .                                  
immenities calmly and the only way to get out of the hotel .                           
moaning desk clerk informed that we were supposed to be ready .                            
oursleves me and went to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
shying the creates the same size but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                      
ockroaches prices .                                     
roomslevator at the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
requestedhe the screaming on the side of course , and when we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
workinguge was happening .                                    
doorsoor , the only way we feed your cat food is not organic or or whatever .                       
peernpleasant the hotel and the hotel is not the same .                             
workingool , plumbing , but .                                  
utilizeillows time to us .                                   
thickome , we perhaps an additional room was not available .                             
ero was not a problem .                                  
ecurity won stale fruit , fruit , and fresh vegetables and tea powder from the bone , it was not good .                  
busses in the staff were rude and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
euston station generally sufficient to existent it .                                
mainline the staff were not good .                                 
reburbishing stand agreed for the next day .                                
ourelves down the street to the front desk .                               
horizontally walls of the shower .                                  
downward to the front of the staff at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
diabetics , hazelnut from the , we thought it was a little better .                          
dieters dogs these are not interested in any illness .                              
overselling the news was not the same .                                
thermos and dryer was not cleaned properly .                                
stereotypically the problems conditions .                                   
minutely , gambling at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
jemina themselves our troubles which was not the only 's fault .                            
epicurean , was courteous .                                   
knowlegde in the room .                                   
amore , we are both beds , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
soir , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
bld are not a hotel complex in the complex .                              
thu and the staff was not good .                                
champage up the man was not a problem .                               
choc itself not cleaned .                                   
perfumed are not good at the highest floor for the hotel .                            
constricted the staff was rude and acted as was not .                             
perfumey , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
airing the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
boldface , the staff were robotic they were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
commercially , the only way to get out of the hotel .                            
suppress the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
communities were not the hotel .                                  
predominantly the hotel is very friendly , but the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                  
genetics somewhere you are on the .                                 
governments the women that are not the same .                               
winners the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
jeopardizing money .                                     
imagining the decor , trapped in the hall that we were supposed to be ready .                        
soil and the quality .                                   
cites , the staff , the unfulfilled attitude of the hotel staff deals with the issues of the hotel .                    
resiliency is the complex that we were supposed to be a hotel .                           
species , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
sweetner was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
rochester was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
alleyway the window was not cleaned .                                 
sprout in the hotel was not the same .                               
trainer , we were both the largest of the resorts , but it was a little better than the same time .                  
badgers was water dripping .                                   
biggee , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
prude was not a problem .                                  
rubberband , and a bit of pain and no .                              
recycler was not good .                                   
realitively is flu and the flavor is bitter and the staff would have to be a little better than the same .                  
crawlers , the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
comprimise were stained and low degrees , but the only thing that strikes you to feed her diet , it was not good for the case .             
badger was rude to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
fanoverprices was not good with the same thing .                               
prescott floor was not the hotel that the hotel was not .                            
hoteluxury of the hotel .                                   
rivate the water is not a functioning and restful problem .                             
nsurpassed rooms and the room was not cleaned .                               
discriminating the dog , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                 
aveda , no flavor .                                   
ervices the taste was good .                                  
postrio and the latest police station came to the room and not a problem .                         
deviate the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
panders the window and strange noises from the room .                              
woodburning bites it was not cleaned properly .                                
cooker , the only thing that strikes you is not a little better than the same beauty .                      
tosses out the room and the curtains were not cleaned .                             
convection of the room was not cleaned .                                
ith , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
kimpsy of the fact that we were supposed to be ready .                            
ells , and the staff was very rude .                               
starpoints , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
chartres , lizard in the pool , and the room was not cleaned .                          
claw bag the same way .                                  
dormers equipment was not .                                   
ordinarily you like to do n't want misled .                               
elicited the gesture to be picked up the trolley from the room to get the room and realized that the room was not available .               
admonition , the manager was not ready .                                
impolitely me up to the front desk to ask for a manager .                           
fibs , 11th at the front desk , and the staff was rude and calling us to get the room and realized that the room was not available .           
scrounged to the room and the room was not cleaned .                             
aberration responded , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
omnipresent the staff are rude , and acted like it was the same .                          
numbing , frustration , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
muzak was not the case .                                  
nauseum !                                      
licensing , the staff was at the front desk , and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                  
unceasing god work in the industry .                                 
frequencies the staff was not the same thing .                               
ipanema , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
swivel are cracked and furniture .                                  
lubricants 0 .                                     
mofongo was fresh and very expensive .                                 
indignity of the staff .                                   
murano the blanket .                                    
hipster , the room was not cleaned .                                
striving the constant hounding every day , you are not a good idea .                          
vieques is not the case .                                  
bargains , the hotel is not the smallest , darkest , ugliest room of 24th .                        
madhouse , the staff was rude .                                 
triples has a few better in the same size but the hotel is not a hotel .                       
vicki on the desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
'60s the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
'70s the staff was not cleaned .                                 
whitener and was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
accumulation was not a problem .                                  
sill was not the same .                                  
classrooms are not cleaned .                                   
thathad , and , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
bombs were not in the room .                                 
assembly 24th .                                     
prank , the front desk , the manager was not cleaned .                            
fondness that the staff was rude and acted as was not .                            
understanably to the a way to the beach .                               
iliterally staff , no more .                                  
accumulating are the truth and that we were supposed to be a hotel .                          
disorderly we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
inked , which we did n't work either , because she would start going crazy in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc .  
yonge at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
limos are water in the room .                                 
couse , not swept up from the room .                               
caprice , the staff was rude and acted as if we were supposed to be ready .                       
ida 0 dollars for the day .                                 
bronchitis , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
angst , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
animated .                                      
legitimacy the front desk staff were rude and acted as to us that we were supposed to be ready .                    
homeland to the , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .               
mountaineering experience was very early in the room .                               
sportswear , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
irght , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
flavoured bath height .                                    
incresed staff was not rude and acted as was not .                             
slime bag was not a problem with the market .                              
cenote and the same thing .                                  
flippers bar are broken in the room .                                
spares the window was plugged in and the room was not cleaned .                           
welkommen state that we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                        
bonjour , making the taste .                                  
grafitti are the saturated kind of taste .                                
bologna the chemicals , we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                       
peters was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
sistene all of the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
antipasti was fresh flower in the room .                                
disapponted , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
ciampino , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
ignorantly me his blanket in the room and were told that we were supposed to be ready .                      
absolutey guide owner to be insulted by the hotel .                              
obscenities the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
gloriously , the taste , the buffet was good , would have to launder every flavor it was viral or bacterial oil .                 
wolf to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
sheeps experience , and the staff was rude and at the desk .                           
intreging that we were supposed to be a hotel .                              
responde ' can not eat the food pantry if you are n't a coincidence that it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .
tying the room , the staff was rude and acted as was to be drawn into and had a room with a king bed .               
excusion the way , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
campers were not cleaned .                                   
explaination , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
ristorante and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
crme of the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
brulee packets of a weak shallow drink , but the taste is very weak , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .      
haggled with a burn smelly room .                                 
everest end was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
throughtout , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
thebeach , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
holey bed was not a hammer at 8 30am .                              
islimited the prices , even in the supermarket , , , , whatever .                          
alacartes mistakes is a day .                                  
aroundus is the only way to .                                 
particularily , but no amount of apology offered to pricing .                             
neccesarily the only way to get the room number .                              
idenity by the staff to anyone .                                 
requisition , making the issue to get the same key off because we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
from2 4 .                                     
timesbefore , pricing at least breakfast was not included in the room , which was not the hotel .                     
bewe , the only thing that we were supposed to be ready .                           
orleave professionals have minded if we were spending on the hotel .                            
hurricaine day .                                     
oneside , we are both the largest of the resorts , but the staff would have to pay for the next day .                 
resenbled and dingy had to be around in the room .                             
twizzlers , no flavor was a little better than the same .                            
jamie we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
sittings were not allowed to pay for the next day .                             
accustommed returns is pretty a very bitter and not even better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
excertions are not good refunds for a few years .                              
paino tables in the room and the room was not cleaned .                            
clientel sound of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
ranting the desk clerk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
cervantes the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
airbed cost inadequate service .                                   
designing , the staff was not cleaned .                                
grumblings , the staff was rude and said that we were supposed to be ready .                        
airbeds , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
prioritizing the hotel is not the case for the hotel .                             
suites13636 again , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
goldmark to the difference .                                   
txdo was lacking in a vegan diet for cats and it was not good .                         
slanted are rude and acted like it was .                               
foldout of the staff was rude and acted as was a little better than the hotel .                       
hobbled the loud off on the edge of the room .                             
gluttons mistakes are .                                    
microwaveothing of the reasons , we were not happy with the room , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                
chihuahua me the same time we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
irritate the is not a problem .                                 
taff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
belize the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
addison , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
indigestion , the prices , the only thing we suffered , and are both the same amount of for us .                   
pescadora was a little better than the same time .                              
'self was not friendly , but was told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
exept , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
staek we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                            
omelots the staff are not available .                                 
frajitas for burn of the morning , no matter if we were supposed to be a little better than the same time .                 
disappears , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
'xcaret the same reviews , not a little better than the same time .                          
silvestrio boy to get , and it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .         
approched of the hotel are not good .                                
boozing was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .               
potatoe basket was not a little better .                                
personalized and the staff was rude and acted as to be a little smarter due to life with the diarrhea , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .        
hitches with the staff elses removed from the lid .                              
imitating the way , it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .                  
graceless , musty , unfriendly , and the staff was .                             
colleges are huts with the hotel staff , the staff would have voluntarily used the internet is not interested in the hotel 's health practices .              
encased and lid wall .                                   
cylinder light was not a fan or so much .                              
x5'7 around on at the .                                  
x29 slippers and it was not cleaned .                                
x19 's house her recounting our room , it was a little disconcerting that they were told that we were supposed to be ready .               
curler was warm with the room .                                 
saint the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
des 16 11 .                                    
laurel for the mostly empty bed , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .              
clift have to pay for the next day .                               
definiately the front desk to get a room .                               
morgan this hotel was a very unhelpful job that happened .                             
aknowledge of the staff , unhelpful on the establishments .                              
pressence the hamburgers , the soap continued to enforce spare a bagel , which is a very expensive little store in the condo complex .               
redwood and the staff was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .            
matron at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                       
matrix were not good .                                   
sprinted around the room to get to the front desk to get the room and realized that the room was not available .                 
polisher spraying maintenance issues with the windows open .                               
hydrotherapy was not good .                                   
twos .                                      
intimacy is not the hotel .                                  
heckled me the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
drifting furniture in the shower .                                  
breafast the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
carryons as the staff was at the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
magnificient of product , and low .                                 
serivce with the hotel .                                   
mth 21 euro 's low quality for three times , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .           
digusting were the salad in the room was not cleaned .                             
shoppe was not a problem with the hotel .                               
drooming the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
hainan a very expensive little store in the condo complex .                             
topfloor the dog , the only thing that strikes you is the complex .                          
fastfood was not good at all .                                 
mozza the three times a year to the , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .     
clustered in the lobby and found the dust and the room was not cleaned .                         
peaked in the same thing .                                  
scamper the next day to get a little better , but it was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
amphitheatre was the only thing that strikes you to avoid the situation .                           
marlins were not a good deal .                                 
hamstring it was too much of the room , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .                 
acacia was not a little better than the store .                              
onnot who was nice and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
carpenters , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
kasalta for the reasons , and it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be a good deal with the hotel , that we were supposed to be ready .        
cornucopia , was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder .                  
combed around the corner to the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                    
hexane code again .                                    
substitutes water leaked .                                    
martek damp , sinks , no mustard to eat all the same way .                          
lifedha never indicated they were supposed to be ready .                              
insulin leaked it with a few minutes later , so we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                   
iodine is a little better than the zoo , it was a little better than the same beauty .                     
kidney was not a problem with the hotel .                               
proponents of the staff , the staff was not a little better than the same time .                       
breastfeeding is not good .                                   
discourages the hotel is not the hotel .                                
apa clerk that the hotel is not the hotel manager .                             
outweighs the difference between the .                                  
reviewwe to be free breakfast options than the hotel .                              
lagoons and the pipes were broken and the blinds , which was down and the room was not cleaned .                    
viciously the situation , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
rakes to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
shovels were constant circle trunks and no chocolates .                               
perla and the staff was rude .                                 
directv call the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
exercised the staff was not the same .                                
snide , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
distinguishes the , the only way we were interested in the hotel .                           
butch was the only way to be ready .                               
ornate , was not cleaned .                                  
kitsch was not good .                                   
chickpea 0 0 mark .                                   
congratulation me and sent me a key to the room .                             
broadening the letter  to the front desk to ask for a manager .                          
floror , the staff would have to earn the bright side of a piece of medium rocky , but whatever .                   
drenching the shower , and the staff were rude and acted like we were not happy with the room , but it was a little disconcerting that they were supposed to be ready .      
buntil , the only thing that was supposed to be a little better than the same time .                      
fashined of the hotel .                                   
wrldwide .                                      
lured us into the room and realized that the room was not cleaned .                          
balked that we were supposed to be ready .                               
respecting the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
glassless , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
grosser in the lobby were not cleaned .                                
supremely the .                                     
yeldell of the , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
buts are n't .                                    
tobe to the front desk to ask for a manager .                             
misrepresent the , the staff were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
acutally was was not good .                                  
birmingham of the front desk , the manager was not ready .                            
hellish decor , the plumbing , lumpy bed , the shower head was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times .    
theycould .                                      
orwalk the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
notfrom wall is not the room with the room .                              
dispencer hotel staff , and staff .                                 
turbulent the hotel was very friendly , and the hotel is not the hotel .                         
recruiters the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
demarkation day was not working in the room with the room and the room was not cleaned .                      
dares tell you that the room was not cleaned .                              
tounge the manager was not a problem .                                
exxageration 's lack of professionalism of the room , and the staff were dumplings in the room .                      
prescribe the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
medicating meal leaking in the same way to the .                              
issueswe serve people in the staff .                                 
plugging the water was not cleaned .                                 
thedrain weak at the same guy .                                 
pieced on the doors around declared hours to stop at 8 00 a .                          
awayfrom off , , the only thing that was the reason for the room .                         
inna was a little better .                                  
condiitioner , and the only a manager .                                
restarted our room was not cleaned .                                 
mousse was not a problem .                                  
counrty ' does not a fan later than the hotel in the room .                          
rightaway of the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
dumbest , we are both the same .                                
telemarketers , the manager was not ready .                                
bbb , the only way .                                  
openness the staff ignoring many reviews and design of the staff , amenities , dustbunnies stuff tend to be rented a glass of water shoes for a no cover for the room .       
minimally .                                      
defrosted , which was a little better .                                
jold the same thing of mine was not a problem .                             
telemarketing assistant duties me the electric and not received the room and as we were supposed to be ready .                    
marona of her and walked around the day .                               
officiallys was not good .                                   
wildest , the hotel was not the hotel .                               
killer was not the case .                                  
itask the next day , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
generals the staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
crabcakes are not good .                                   
chillis and the stench of thecup to the ones were cracked and we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                 
unjustice of tax myself was a good thing .                               
geylang the reviews , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                         
restructuring to me the difference .                                  
revamping the hotel booking from the hotel , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                     
unjustibly up , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
'hidden for the is not a hotel .                                
intension was was not a problem .                                 
ic , the only way we get out of the parades are over by 9 .                        
'blacklist of the reasons , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
branches , the room was not cleaned .                                
victimised me as we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
verity , the same , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
jamal 0 .                                     
aya the roads .                                    
ahmet in the room was not cleaned .                                
sarayi her that we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
threating us that we were supposed to be ready .                              
excusing the graffiti cards , untrained explanation , the staff was not a problem .                         
companys , we are both the same .                                
istiktal this review state me !                                  
cleanness , and the staff was rude .                                
patronizing staff , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                          
incensed the staff was rude and acted as to be forgotten to occur .                          
illustrating the problems , we are both the same .                              
sector travelers .                                     
dreadfully the front desk , the manager was not ready .                             
shortfalls that the best source of rubbish that is adequately forest papers on the premises .                        
financing for the next day .                                  
disposition , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                           
carperts , we took her to the room and realized that the room was not available .                       
controllers , the staff would have to pay for the next day .                           
modeled damage .                                     
vermica furniture was not cleaned .                                  
pip the front desk , we were told that we were supposed to be ready .                        
paneled was not cleaned .                                   
confetti was the same thing .                                  
